Research Design and Standards Organization The Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) is an ISO 9001 research and development organisation under the Ministry of Railways of India, which functions as a technical adviser and consultant to the Railway Board, the Zonal Railways, the Railway Production Units, RITES and IRCON International in respect of design and standardisation of railway equipment and problems related to railway construction, operation and maintenance. History. To enforce standardisation and co-ordination between various railway systems in British India, the Indian Railway Conference Association (IRCA) was set up in 1903. It was followed by the establishment of the Central Standards Office (CSO) in 1930, for preparation of designs, standards and specifications. However, till independence in 1947, most of the designs and manufacture of railway equipments was entrusted to foreign consultants. After independence, a new organisation called Railway Testing and Research Centre (RTRC) was set up in 1952 at Lucknow, for undertaking intensive investigation of railway problems, providing basic criteria and new concepts for design purposes, for testing prototypes and generally assisting in finding solutions for specific problems. In 1957, the Central Standards Office (CSO) and the Railway Testing and Research Centre (RTRC) were integrated into a single unit named Research Designs and Standards Organisation (RDSO) under the Ministry of Railways with its headquarters at Manaknagar, Lucknow. The status of RDSO was changed from an Attached Office to a Zonal Railway on April 1, 2003, to give it greater flexibility and a boost to the research and development activities. Organisation. The RDSO is headed by a Director General who ranks with a General Manager of a Zonal Railway. The Director General is assisted by an Additional Director General and 23 Sr. Executive Directors and Executive Directors, who are in charge of the 27 directorates: Bridges and Structures, the Centre for Advanced Maintenance Techlogy (AMTECH), Carriage, Geotechnical Engineering, Testing, Track Design, Medical, EMU & Power Supply, Engine Development, Finance & Accounts, Telecommunication, Quality Assurance, Personnel, Works, Psycho-Technical, Research, Signal, Wagon Design, Electric Locomotive, Stores, Track Machines & Monitoring, Traction Installation, Energy Management, Traffic, Metallurgical & Chemical, Motive Power and Library & Publications. All the directorates except Defence Research are located in Lucknow. Projects. Development of a new crashworthy design of 4500 HP WDG4 locomotive incorporating new technology to improve dynamic braking and attain significant fuel savings. Development of Drivers’ Vigilance Telemetric Control System which directly measures and analyses variations
The Death of Bunny Munro The Death of Bunny Munro is the second novel written by Nick Cave, best known as the lead singer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. His first novel, And the Ass Saw the Angel, was published in 1989. The novel deals with Bunny Munro, a middle aged lothario whose constant womanising and alcohol abuse comes to a head after the suicide of his wife. A travelling door to door beauty product salesman, he and his son go on an increasingly out of control road trip around Brighton, over which looms the shadow of a serial killer making his way towards Brighton, as well as Bunny's own mortality. The novel is set in Brighton in 2003, around the time the West Pier was destroyed by fire. Many of the locations and street names used in the book relate to real places close to Cave's own home. The novel was also released as an audiobook, using a 3D audio effect produced and sound directed by British artists Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard, with a soundtrack by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis and in a number of Ebook formats including an Enhanced Editions iPhone application that synchronises the audiobook with the text, and includes exclusive videos of Nick reading. A series of live events took place in late 2009 to promote the book under the title of A Night with Nick Cave, combining music, readings and a Q&A session with the audience. Reception. Irvine Welsh, Neil Labute and David Peace have all touted the novel - providing back-cover reviews. Moreover, The Death of Bunny Munro has received strong reviews from the British media: Graeme Thomson (writing in The Observer, 6 September 2009) awarded the novel four stars. Likewise, the Saturday Times (on the 5th of September 2009) stated, in a very positive review, that the novel reads like a good indie movie. The novel was nominated for the Literary Review's Bad Sex in Fiction Award, but did not win.  
Management of prostate cancer Treatment for prostate cancer may involve active surveillance, surgery, radiation therapy including brachytherapy (prostate brachytherapy) and external beam radiation therapy, High-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU), chemotherapy, cryosurgery, hormonal therapy, or some combination. Which option is best depends on the stage of the disease, the Gleason score, and the PSA level. Other important factors are the man's age, his general health, and his feelings about potential treatments and their possible side effects. Because all treatments can have significant side effects, such as erectile dysfunction and urinary incontinence, treatment discussions often focus on balancing the goals of therapy with the risks of lifestyle alterations. The selection of treatment options may be a complex decision involving many factors. For example, radical prostatectomy after primary radiation failure is a very technically challenging surgery and may not be an option. This may enter into the treatment decision. If the cancer has spread beyond the prostate, treatment options significantly change, so most doctors that treat prostate cancer use a variety of nomograms to predict the probability of spread. Treatment by watchful waiting/active surveillance, HIFU, external beam radiation therapy, brachytherapy, cryosurgery, and surgery are, in general, offered to men whose cancer remains within the prostate. Hormonal therapy and chemotherapy are often reserved for disease that has spread beyond the prostate. However, there are exceptions: Radiation therapy may be used for some advanced tumors, and hormonal therapy is used for some early stage tumors. Cryotherapy (the process of freezing the tumor), hormonal therapy, and chemotherapy may also be offered if initial treatment fails and the cancer progresses. Active surveillance. Active surveillance refers to observation and regular monitoring without invasive treatment. In the context of prostate disease this usually comprises regular PSA blood tests and prostate biopsies. Active surveillance is often used when an early stage, slow-growing prostate cancer is suspected. However, watchful waiting may also be suggested when the risks of surgery, radiation therapy, or hormonal therapy outweigh the possible benefits. Other treatments can be started if symptoms develop, or if there are signs that the cancer growth is accelerating (e.g., rapidly rising PSA, increase in Gleason score on repeat biopsy, etc.). Approximately one-third of men that choose active surveillance for early stage tumors eventually have signs of tumor progression, and they may need to begin treatment within three years. Men that choose active surveillance avoid the risks of surgery, radiation, and other treatments.
Cheetah reintroduction in India Reintroduction of the cheetah in India involves the artificial re-establishment of a population of cheetahs into areas where they had previously existed but were hunted into extinction by the British colonial officers and Indian royalty. A part of the reintroduction process is the identification and restoration of their former grassland scrub forest habitats. This is within the scope of the duties of the local forest department of each State, where relocation occurs, through the use of Indian Central Government funding. Background. History. Until the 20th century, the Asiatic cheetah was quite common and roamed all the way from Arabia to Iran, Afghanistan and India. In India, they ranged as far south as the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu. The Asiatic cheetah, also known as the hunting leopard in India was kept by kings and princes to hunt gazelle; the Moghul emperor Akbar kept them for hunting gazelle and blackbucks. He was said to have had 1,000 cheetahs at one time for assisting in his royal hunts. Trapping of large numbers of adult Indian cheetahs, who had already learned hunting skills from wild mothers, for assisting in royal hunts is said to be another major cause of the species rapid decline in India as they never bred in captivity with only one record of a litter ever. Extinction. By the beginning of the twentieth century, the species was already heading for extinction in many areas. The last physical evidence of the Asiatic cheetah in India was three shot by the Maharajah of Surguja in 1947 in eastern Madhya Pradesh, a man also noted for holding a record for shooting 1,360 tigers. In India in the mid-20th century, prey was abundant, and cheetahs fed on the blackbuck, the chinkara, and sometimes the chital and the nilgai. With the death of the last remaining population of the Asiatic cheetah in India, the species was declared extinct in India; it is the only animal in recorded history to become extinct from India due to unnatural causes. A consequence of the extinction of the cheetahs and subsequently the Indian royalty that prized them was that their grasslands homes came to be controlled, used and managed by local people. The grasslands faded and diminished under the hooves of a thousand cattle, they were tilled and ploughed until only a few scattered remnants were preserved in the form of wildlife sanctuaries. Reintroduction
Langtang National Park The Langtang National Park is the fourth national park in Nepal and was established in 1976 as the first Himalayan national park. The protected area exceeds an altitudinal range of and covers an area of in the Nuwakot, Rasuwa and Sindhulpalchok districts of the central Himalayan region encompassing 26 Village Development Committees. It is linked with the Qomolangma National Nature Preserve in Tibet. The high altitude sacred lake of Gosainkunda falls within the park. The Gosainkunda lake ()and the Dorje Lakpa range () bisect the park from east–west to south–east. The summit of Langtang Lirung () is the highest point in the park. The northern and eastern border of the national park coincide with the international border to Tibet. The western boundary follows the rivers Bhote Kosi and Trisuli. The southern border lies north of the Kathmandu Valley. It is part of the Sacred Himalayan Landscape. Entrance fee is 1000 Nepali Rupees. History. In 1970, royal approval designated the establishment of Langtang National Park as the first protected area in the Himalayas. The national park was gazetted in 1976 and extended by a buffer zone of in 1998. Under the Buffer Zone Management Guidelines the conservation of forests, wildlife and cultural resources received top priority, followed by conservation of other natural resources and development of alternative energy. Climate. The climate of the park is dominated by the southwest summer monsoon. Temperatures vary greatly due to the extreme difference in altitude in the entire area. Most of the annual precipitation occurs from June to September. From October to November and from April to May, days are warm and sunny, and nights cool. In spring, rain at elevation often turns to snow at higher elevations. In winter from December to March, days are clear and mild but nights near freezing. Vegetation. The Langtang National Park exhibits a high diversity of 14 vegetation types in 18 ecosystem types, ranging from upper tropical forests below m altitude to alpine scrub and perennial ice. Tourism. There have been several cases of assault on the trail. An American is missing and has been presumed dead. In 2012, a Belgian women was killed with investigation regarding the cause of death still ongoing.  
Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park is the ninth national park in Nepal and was established in 2002. It is located in the country's mid-hills on the northern fringe of the Kathmandu Valley and named after Shivapuri Peak of altitude. It covers an area of in the districts of Kathmandu, Nuwakot and Sindhupalchowk, adjoining 23 Village Development Committees. In the west, the protected area extends to the Dhading District. History. The area has always been an important water catchment area, supplying the Kathmandu Valley with several hundred thousands cubic liter of water daily. In 1976, the area was established as a protected watershed and wildlife reserve. In 2002, it was gazetted as Shivapuri National Park, initially covering . It was extended by the Nagarjun Forest Reserve covering in 2009. Climate. The park is located in a transition zone between subtropical and temperate climate. The annual precipitation of about falls mostly from May to September, with 80% during monsoon. Temperatures vary from during the winter season, rising to during the summer season. Vegetation. The typical vegetation of the park is middle hill forest from of altitude, consisting of: On higher elevation a variety of medicinal herbs prosper. Botanists have recorded 129 species of mushrooms and 2,122 floral species, out of which 449 are vascular and 16 are endemic plants. Fauna. Since 2002 several surveys were carried out to determine the faunal diversity of the protected area. In a field study carried out from July 2003 to July 2004, Indian leopard, jungle cat, large Indian civet, Golden jackal, Himalayan black bear, yellow-throated marten, small Asian mongoose, Himalayan goral, barking deer, wild boar, Rhesus monkey, Hanuman langur, Chinese pangolin, Indian Crested porcupine, Himalayan pika, Black-naped hare, Indian hare, Himalayan squirrel, Fawn-colored mouse, Brown-toothed shrew and Black rat were identified. Clouded leopard, leopard cat, jungle cat, large Indian civet, masked palm civet, crab-eating mongoose, pangolin, Rhesus macaque and yellow-throated marten, were camera trapped in 2010. In 2008, Intermediate Horseshoe, Greater Horseshoe and Big-eared Horseshoe bats were mist netted at the entrance of Nagarjuna cave inside the park. In the western part of the park, herpetologists encountered Monocled cobra, Himalayan keelback, Olive Oriental Slender snake, Yellow-bellied Worm-eating snake, Variegated Mountain lizard, Oriental garden lizard, Many-keeled Grass skink, Sikkim skink, Black-spined toad, Long-legged Cricket frog and Horned frog in the summer of 2009. Ornithologists recorded 318 species of birds including Eurasian eagle-owl, Slender-billed
Bob Benmosche Robert H. Bob Benmosche (born May 29, 1944) is the president and chief executive officer of American International Group (NYSE: AIG). Benmosche was appointed President & Chief Executive Officer by the US Department of Treasury and AIG Board of Directors to succeed Edward M. Liddy. Benmosche is best known for his leadership at American International Group where he led a turnaround, improved profits 60% year over year, and paid down government aid pledged by the Bush and Obama Administrations. __NOTOC__ Early life. Benmosche was born in Brooklyn, New York. Benmosche traced his Jewish lineage back to Lithuania where his great-grandfather, Moshe Kreiskol, was one of the first Jews to serve in the tsar’s army in the 1830s. Benmosche’s grandfather, Rabbi Herman Benmosche moved the family to the United States in 1894. Benmosche’s father passed away when Benmosche was 10 years old, leaving him, his three siblings, and his mother with $250,000 in debt and the unfinished Patio Motel, in Monticello, New York. The family kept the motel; the young Benmosche did housekeeping, caddying, and operated the switchboard. Benmosche’s first job, as a teenager, was a truck driver delivering Coca-Cola. Benmosche attended Alfred University . In 1966, he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics. From 1966-1968, Benmosche served as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Army, serving a tour of duty in Korea in the U.S. Signal Corps where he led the setup of field communications. Career. Benmosche began his career when he joined Arthur D. Little and Information Science as a consultant. In 1975, Benmosche joined the Chase Manhattan systems group. In 1982, Benmosche joined Paine Webber to lead the development of Paine Webber’s Central Asset Brokerage Account. During his 14-year tenure at Paine Webber, Benmosche gained experience in marketing and operations in different business units, using the knowledge he gained to become Chief Financial Officer of the company’s retail business. As his career progressed at Paine Webber, Benmosche continued to gain new responsibilities, eventually earning a promotion to the position of Executive Vice President and Director of Operations, Administration and Technology. In that role, he oversaw the merger of Kidder Peabody’s operations and systems with Paine Webber’s. In 1995, Benmosche left Paine Webber to become Executive Vice President at Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. He moved up the ladder at MetLIfe as well; Benmosche was promoted to president and Chief Operating Officer. In November 1997, in
Lady Apache Sandra González Calderón (born June 26, 1970) is a Mexican professional wrestler or Luchadora, best known under the ring name Lady Apache. González's ring name comes from the family name of Mario Balbuena González who wrestles under the name Gran Apache; whom she was married to when she made her wrestling debut in 1986 but later divorced. Through her marriage to Gran Apache she was the step mother of Faby Apache and Mari Apache, both professional wrestlers. González' second husband was Jesus Alvarado Nieves, better known as Brazo de Oro, a professional wrestler, current head of the wrestlers union and CMLL booker. Her third and current husband is Edgar Luna Pozos, AAA's Electroshock, she is also the sister-in-law to Charly Manson (Jesus Luna Pozos). As Lady Apache, González has mainly worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Mexico's two largest professional wrestling promotions during her career, switching back and forth several times. González is a three time CMLL World Women's Champion, a two time Mexican National Women's Champion, two time AAA Reina de Reinas (Spanish for Queen of Queens) and one half of the AAA World Mixed Tag Team Championship with husband Electroshock. On August 20, 2010 it was announced that Lady Apache was pregnant and for that reason had to stop wrestling for at least seven months. She made her return to the wrestling ring at a CMLL event on July 31, 2011.  
Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released on 28 September 2009 by Epic Records. Its first two singles from the album, Stone Cold Sober and New York, both peaked within the top twenty in the United Kingdom. The album spawned three more singles: Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?, Upside Down and Smoke & Mirrors. The album received positive reviews from critics. Since its release, the album spent 106 weeks on the UK Albums Chart and peaked at number 9. It was announced on 1 March 2013 that the album had been certified 2× Platinum with sales exceeding 600,000 copies. To promote the album Faith embarked her first concert Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful Tour in 12 February 2010 which visited Europe. Background. During her time at college, Faith worked in a pub where the manager asked her to front his band, which they later called 'Paloma and the Penetrators'. During a performance with the band at a cabaret show, Faith was scouted by an A&R man from Epic Records, who invited Faith to sing for the manager of the label. Twenty minutes into the audition, Faith asked the manager to turn his phone off and when he refused, she walked out. Epic A&R Joanna Charrington told HitQuarters When she played a showcase for us it was clear that she was a star but the material was a bit generic. She didn't have the hit songs. Not being one hundred percent convinced the label executives to decide to wait. During this time Charrington regularly checked Faith's MySpace page to see if she had something that had a special direction or sound. After several months her attention was eventually piqued by Broken Doll, which she thought was a well-crafted song with a fantastic chorus and brilliant lyrics. Charrington told Epic managing director Nick Raphael I think we should get this girl back in. She sounds like she is getting it now. We can help her get the songs. Faith revealed in an interview that the manager called her and offered her a contract saying he had seen many acts since and none had been as memorable as her. Critical reception. Andy Gill from The Independent said: In the case of this impressive debut album,
Philippine Fault System The Philippine Fault System is an inter-related system of faults throughout the whole of the Philippine Archipelago, primarily caused by tectonic forces compressing the Philippines into what tectonic geophysicists call the Philippine Mobile Belt. Philippine Mobile Belt. The Philippine Mobile Belt is composed of a large number of accretionary blocks and strips. Most strips are long and narrow like the Zambales ophiolites which is at least 400 km long and 50 km wide. The strips generally run north-south and the zones of convergence are usually demarcated by fault lines. The Philippine Mobile Belt is compressed on the west by the Eurasian Plate and two arms of the Sunda Plate, and on the east by the Philippine Sea Plate. These tectonic plates have compressed and lifted parts of the Philippines causing extensive faulting, primarily on a north-south axis. All faults in the Philippines are inter-related by the tectonic forces causative of the Philippine Mobile Belt, or its tectonic induced volcanism. A more complete understanding can be gained by viewing the faults in the Philippines as an inter-related Philippine Fault System. Philippine Fault. The main fault runs most of the length of the Philippines and is called the Philippine Fault (see Gallery). It extends from Davao Gulf in the south, bisects CARAGA region at the Agusan River basin, crosses to Leyte and Masbate islands, and traverses Quezon province in eastern Luzon before passing through Nueva Ecija up to the Ilocos region in northwest Luzon. Here, the fault has become braided and is no longer single. The Philippine Fault, probably active since the Middle Miocene is a recent example of the north-south strike-slip fault zones of Luzon. The N150E segment, which breaks the meridian continuity of the Philippine Fault system in Luzon, is located to the west of Benham Plateau on the western edge of the Philippine Sea Plate. The N150E fault probably has a recent genesis and could be a mechanism to absorb backwards the convergence between Benham Plateau and the east Luzon arc. Following the major 1990 Luzon earthquake, scientists reconsidered their fault models and following the lead of Pinet and Stephan (1989), thought it likely that Benham Plateau is still displacing central Luzon and the Philippine Fault System to the west, and so caused the 1990 Luzon earthquake. The 20 second or 50 second wave in the 1990 quake developed a new east-west sub-fault, which terminated
Abandoned pets Abandoned pets are both exotic pets and companion animals that are either inadvertently or purposely cast off by their owners. This commonly occurs when an owner passes away, or when a pet becomes disruptive or grows too large. The financial crisis of 2007–2010 has resulted in a number of pets abandoned for economic reasons. Typical of this group are pets left behind when the owner's home is foreclosed. These animals can be left alone on the property or dropped off at a shelter. They are often discovered after the foreclosure process, when the realtor or bank enters the home. Animals fortunate enough to survive until they are discovered are often in poor condition due to lack of resources such as food and water. Abandonment. Pets are abandoned for a variety of reasons. Often, when abandoned, pets are forced to fend for themselves, and become feral. In particular, cats and dogs go to colonies. Feral cats are said to outnumber feral dogs. Feral cats are difficult to deal with, as often they become impossible to socialize enough to be re-introduced to a new human owner. In general, only newly abandoned cats and very young feral kittens can be tamed. Foreclosure pets. Currently the exact number of foreclosure pets is unknown. People often drop animals off at a shelter and claim they are moving, when in fact they are leaving due to foreclosure. However, it is thought the numbers are climbing due to high foreclosure rates. As homeowners run out of time and options, they often leave their animals behind. The animals are then classified as abandoned foreclosure pets. The pets left behind in homes are often left without food or water. Some do not survive because of the lack of resources and are found dead when realtors or banks enter the premises. The animals are put in harm's way, and it is often believed it is done as a way to retaliate against those who took the home away. Pets are not able to survive in the wild without resources, which means they are at a disadvantage whenever they are left without humans to watch over them. Many are left to starve or become dehydrated. Shelters. Many animals left at a shelter are euthanized due to lack of space and financial resources for these animals. Shelters unable to raise additional funds to provide for the increased number of
Chadalavada Umesh Chandra Chadalavada Umesh Chandra (Telugu: చదలవాడ ఉమేశ్ చంద్ర, March 29, 1966 – September 4, 1999) was one of the most reputed Police officers in the history of Andhra Pradesh. In his tenure as Superintendent of Police of Cuddapah district, he restored normal conditions within a short time. He was called 'Cuddapah tiger' by the people of Cuddapah. Early life. Umesh Chandra was born on March 29, 1966 at Pedapudi, Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh to Chadalavada Venugopala Rao and Nayanatara. He studied at Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet. He was graduated (B.A.) from Nizam College in 1987 and M.A. in Economics from Osmania University in 1989. He was university topper and Gold medalist in the graduate and postgraduate examinations. Professional life. He was selected for Indian Police Service in 1991 and underwent training in National Police Academy, Hyderabad. He was posted as Assistant Superintendent of Police in Warangal (Rural) between October 1992 to October 1994. He started a highly successful public awareness campaign entitled Jana Jaagruti. He was later shifted to Pulivendula, where in he has worked between November 1, 1994 to February 2, 1995. He was returned to Warangal as Officer on Special Duty. He continued his work in the district apprehending criminals, helping the common man, uplifting the spirits of the police force, and projecting the humane side of the police force. The attitude of the people towards the police changed markedly during his tenure in the Warangal district. He planned and executed with precision strategems for the capture of naxalites. He was promoted to Superintendent of Police in charge of Cuddapah district between June 1995 to June 1997 and as S. P. of Karimnagar district between June 1997 to April 1998. He was promoted to A.I.G. (Welfare and Sports) worked between November 1998 to September 1999. Warangal Posting. Umesh Chandra started his training as A.S.P in Warangal under the guidance of Mr. Gautam Sawang, the then S.P. Warangal. Even as a trainee, he planned and participated in several operations againsts the naxalites. He was involved in several exchanges of gunfire with many naxalite dalams. He apprehended and successfully converted several violent and hard-core naxalites. As a result of his actions, he gained admiration and loyalty of his subordinates during this training period. This converted later to adoration and affection. He took great care of all his police subordinates. After training, he was posted back in
Texts From Last Night Texts From Last Night (TFLN) is a regularly updated blog that re-posts short text messages submitted by its users. The site tends to post texts that are shocking or scandalous. The texts are sent in by people who wake in the morning to find regrettable messages sent to or from their mobile phones. The receiver then sends the allegedly discovered text into this website. The copies of the messages do not show the phone numbers, but only area codes. Since the texts are often similar to late night drunk dials, they're often graphic and sexual in nature, thus not safe for work. From a sociological perspective, the website is a living document of twentysomething life in 2009. While TFLN has many blackout drinking, sex, and vomit stories, there is also an extended discussion taking place about morality. The texts show how humans interact with drugs and alcohol. We see the cause and effect of last night’s party, and we can see a real-time weighing of these actions. However, there is concern that peoples' actions and texts will be affected by the existence of the website and its popularity. Book. Six months after the website went up, the two creators of TFLN signed a deal to pen a book, wherein they will use the most entertaining texts. The book will be published by Gotham Books, which is part of the Penguin Group. Erin Malone, from William Morris Endeavor also helped other blogs translate into books, including Stuff White People Like, The Book of Awesome, and Soul Pancake. Since the content is already written, the book, which has been described as bathroom reading, is expected to be published as a trade paperback by the beginning of 2010. TV series. Deadline.com reported in October 2011 that a new comedy television series based on the blog is in development at Fox, with Ugly Betty developer Silvio Horta at the helm. Mobile Apps. Texts From Last Night also has mobile applications for Android, BlackBerry and iPhone to browse and submit text messages.  
María de Villota María de Villota Comba (born 13 January 1980) is a Spanish racing driver. She is the daughter of former Formula One driver Emilio de Villota, and sister of Emilio de Villota, Jr., who like his sister competed in Formula Palmer Audi. She is currently recovering from serious head and facial injuries sustained in an accident which occurred during a straight-line testing session in her role as the Marussia Formula One team's test driver. Career. De Villota was born in Madrid. She has competed in numerous racing series, including the World Touring Car Championship and ADAC Procar Series. In August 2009, she signed with Atlético Madrid to race for the remainder of the season in the Superleague Formula open wheel racing series. She remained with the Atlético Madrid team until the series folded in 2011. She also competed in the 2005 24 Hours of Daytona endurance race. Formula One. On 18 August 2011, the Lotus Renault GP team confirmed reports that de Villota had made her Formula One test debut in a Renault R29 at the Paul Ricard Circuit, and that her management was in talks to secure her a test driver seat in the future. In December she reiterated her desire to work with the team in 2012, adding that she was in advanced talks over a third driver role. On 7 March 2012, it was announced that María de Villota had joined Marussia F1 Team as a test driver, with the opportunity to sample Formula One machinery later in the year. Duxford Aerodrome testing accident. At approximately 09:30 on 3 July 2012, de Villota was involved in a testing accident at Duxford Aerodrome whilst carrying out straight-line testing for Marussia; her first time in the car. Her car collided with a stationary truck at the end of a test run when it had just returned to the service area. Initial eye witnesses estimated the car was travelling at between 30 and 40mph (50 and 65 km/h) when it crashed. It took an hour for her to be removed from the car and she was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridgeshire, England, with life-threatening head and facial injuries. She was later reported to be conscious. The following day, Marussia team principal John Booth stated that de Villota remained in a critical but stable condition in hospital and had lost her right eye. On 6 July, the
Tom Maynard Thomas Lloyd Tom Maynard (25 March 1989 – 18 June 2012) was a Welsh cricketer who played for Surrey. A right-handed batsman and very occasional right-arm off break bowler, he was the son of former Glamorgan and England batsman Matthew Maynard. Life and career. Born in Cardiff, Maynard attended Pentyrch Primary School, Radyr Comprehensive School, and then moved to Millfield School before attending Whitchurch High School for sixth form. Maynard made his way up the ranks with Glamorgan, starting in the county's Under-17s side at the age of 15. By the time he was 16, he had reached the Glamorgan 2nd XI and was playing for the Wales Minor Counties team. Maynard made his debut for the Glamorgan First XI on 10 June 2007, playing in a Friends Provident Trophy match against the Gloucestershire Gladiators at Colwyn Bay. He hit 71 runs off 75 balls, including seven fours and three sixes before being caught and bowled by Mark Hardinges. After batting second, Glamorgan lost by six runs. Maynard's Twenty20 Cup debut soon followed, as he played in Glamorgan's three-run defeat to the Warwickshire Bears on 24 June 2007; he scored 11 runs before being caught by Tim Ambrose off the bowling of Heath Streak. His first-class debut finally came two months later on the third day of a County Championship match against Somerset. No play was possible on the first two days of the match, so Maynard's debut ended up being restricted to just one innings, in which he scored 15 runs before being caught by Craig Kieswetter off Steffan Jones. He also bowled two overs in the Somerset innings, conceding 18 runs. After his debut, Maynard's seasonal first-class batting average increased from 11.66 to 22.60, with an overall average of 15.33 and a top score of 51 not out. His Twenty20 average has also increased from 8.66 to 14.57, with an overall average of 12.45, but his List A average remained fairly constant at around 35, except for a drop to around 21.5 in 2008. In both 2009 and 2010 he scored one List A century. Maynard signed a three-year deal to play for Surrey before the 2011 season. The season saw a big improvement in his batting; in 16 first-class matches, he scored 1,022 runs at an average of 40.88, and made his first three centuries, with a highest score of 141. In 14 List
Jikki Pillavalu Gajapathi Krishnaveni was a popular film playback singer from Andhra Pradesh,South India. She sang over nearly 10,000 songs in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Hindi and Sinhala languages. Early life. Jikki was born in Chennai on November 3, 1935 to Gajapathi Naidu and Rajakanthamma, who had moved from Chandragiri, near Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh to Chennai for their livelihood. Her uncle Devaraju Naidu worked as music composer with celebrated Kannada theatre legend and movie pioneer Gubbi Veeranna and this gave exposure to the young good looking girl,Krishnaveni,to music and film world. Career. Jikki began her career as child artist in 1943 and played a minor role in a Telugu movie named Panthulamma directed by Guduvalli Ramabramham. In 1946 she once again hit the silver screen with the movie Mangalasutram, the rehash of a Hollywood movie'Excuse Me'.She was already being noted for her musical prowess and the lilting mellifluous voice although she did not go through any orthodox classical training in music. Soon a chance came her way to sing for the Tamil movie 'Gnanasoundari' in 1948 for which music was composed by the doyen of the film music then, S. V. Venkatraman. This was the turning point in her life. She sang for the heroine, when she was young. The song Arul Tharaam Deva maathaavey Aadhiyey Inba Jothi... which will be succeeded by P. A. Periyanayaki (for the grown up heroine) became super hit and so did the film. This changed actress Jikki into Playback singer Jikki. Soon Jikki began to sing regularly not only in Tamil and Telugu but also in Kannada and Malayalam films. During those years as most of the Sinhalese films were produced in South India, she sang for Sri Lankan films movies too. She got many chances to sing in all southern languages. Music composers she sang for. S. V. Venkatraman, G. Ramanathan, C. R. Subburaman, S. M. Subbaiah Naidu, S. Rajeswara Rao, G. Govindarajulu Naidu, R. Sudharsanam, S. Dakshinamurthi, C. N. Pandurangan, Adepalli Rama Rao, Emani Sankara Sastry, Master Venu, K. Vara Prasada Rao, T. A. Kalyanam, M. S. Gnanamani, K. V. Mahadevan, Pendyala Nageswara Rao, G. Aswathama, V. Dakshinamoorthy, T. G. Lingappa, P. Adinarayana Rao, P. S. Diwakar, T. R. Papa, T. V. Raju, C. S. Jayaraman, Ghantasala, Vedha, M. S. Viswanathan, T. K. Ramamoorthy, Rajan - Nagendra, Devarajan, M. Ranga Rao, Vijaya Bhaskar, Baburaj, K. Raghavan, K. G. Moorthy, T.
Tara Stiles Tara Leann Stiles (born May 6, 1981) is an American model turned yoga instructor and founder of Strala Yoga in New York City. She starred in Yoga For, the first instructional on-line yoga video series, produced by Ford Models. Vanity Fair reported on a yoga video that Stiles specifically designed for Sarah Palin; the Vanity Fair reporter commented that Tara Stiles has got to be the coolest yoga instructor ever. Stiles is also the personal yoga instructor to Deepak Chopra, with whom she collaborated to create Authentic Yoga for the iPhone. Early life. Stiles grew up outside Morris, Illinois. Her mother designed, without any professional experience, their passive solar home and built it together with her father, now retired from a career in nuclear power. She has one sibling, an elder brother, Chad, who is an electrician. Modeling career. After graduation she studied dance in Chicago, where one of her ballet instructors introduced her to yoga. A local photographer brought her to Marie Anderson Boyd, founder of Aria Models in Chicago, later acquired by Ford Models, who signed her on the spot. Boyd booked Stiles' first casting, an ad campaign for Coca-Cola, and She moved to New York City soon after. She eventually realized that modeling was not what she was truly interested in. When Ford asked her to start making short promotional yoga videos for the agency and post them to YouTube, it was the beginning of her current career. She took a 200-hour course to become a certified instructor, and continues to make the videos, which have drawn over four million views. Stiles was one of the first yoga instructors to use social media to attract students. The YouTube videos led a DVD with fellow model Brooklyn Decker as well as one of her own, Yoga Anywhere: The New York Session. After leaving Ford and modeling in 2007, she blogged for Women's Health and The Huffington Post (HuffPo). A 2009 post at HuffPo entitled Help! I'm Addicted to FaceBook, has received 1.2 million hits, making it one of the most-viewed blogs on the site. Stiles's first book, Slim Calm Sexy, published by Rodale, rose to the #1 spot on Amazon.com and best-selling status the first week it was released, August 31, 2010. Stiles has been featured in pictorials for W, Shape Magazine, Self, Marie Claire, Fitness, and appeared on the covers of City, Time Out,
Isaac Redman Isaac Redman (born November 10, 1984) is an American football running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Bowie State University in Bowie, Maryland. Early years. Redman played high school football and wrestled at Paulsboro High School. Although a standout player, his future career was nearly derailed completely with a sexual assault charge in his senior year of high school. Redman pled out to a lesser charge of criminal sexual contact and was given three years' probation. College career. Redman played college football at NCAA Division-II Bowie State University (BSU) which is part of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA). Redman finished his career as Bowie State’s all-time rushing leader (3,300 yards). Some of his other accomplishments at Bowie State include: Some of his other accolades include: Statistics. note: Redman did not play during the entire 2006 season. These and additional statistics from Redman's college career available in a pdf file here. Professional career. Pittsburgh Steelers. After going undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft, Redman was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent on April 28, 2009. In his first professional appearance during the 2009 NFL Preseason on August 13, 2009, Redman rushed for 32 yards and 2 touchdowns against the Arizona Cardinals. Redman finished the preseason with 37 carries for 145 yards and 3 touchdowns. Redman was waived during final cuts on September 4, 2009 and re-signed to the practice squad on September 6. He was signed off the practice squad on October 3 when defensive end Nick Eason was released, then waived on October 5 when Eason was re-signed. Redman was re-signed to the practice squad on October 7. On December 2, Redman was released from the practice squad. He was re-signed to the practice squad on December 9. He was signed to the active roster on January 6, 2010. On September 7, 2010, Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin announced that Redman would be the team's primary goal-line back. On September 18, 2011, Redman scored his first pro touchdown against the Seattle Seahawks. Redman got his first career start in week 5 during the 2011 NFL season against the Tennessee Titans. He rushed for 49 yards on 15 carries. He recorded 479 yards (4.4 YPC) and three touchdowns with his limited
Doctor Steel Doctor Steel (full name, Doctor Phineas Waldolf Steel) was a self-published American musician and internet personality from Los Angeles. He performed on rare occasions with a backup band, claiming that a fictitious robot band had malfunctioned. Shows incorporated puppetry, multimedia and performances by female members (Nurses and Scouts) of his street team, The Army of Toy Soldiers. Steel made a brief appearance on The Tonight Show and has had numerous interviews. He was the subject of an article in Wired Magazine regarding allegations that Dr. Horrible had copied his style. Steel has frequently been cited as an example of Steampunk music. Musical career. Steel began publicly performing in 1999, essentially busking on the streets of Los Angeles. A few years later, he began performing at venues like The Key Club and the CIA. His live shows combined music with puppetry and video projection that reflect the stories and meanings of the songs. In 2001 and 2002, the albums Dr. Steel (2001), Dr. Steel II: Eclectic Boogaloo (2001), and People of Earth (2002) were released digitally to iTunes, Amazon and other stores. The Dr. Steel Collection (2004) was the first CD release, featuring many tracks which were released on other albums, slightly altered. The Dr. Steel Collection also features the track Land of the Lost, about the 1970s version of the show by the same name. Some attempts were made to get the song into the soundtrack of 2009 movie version of Land of the Lost, but they were unsuccessful. Steel's second CD release was The Dr. Steel Read-A-Long Album (2006). It was a limited distribution and quickly sold out. The album art included a recreation of the sleeve of read-along records, and the disc design resembled that of a vinyl record. In 2007, Steel re-released the first three albums, once again in digital format. Steel's music can often be heard on a number of steampunk radio broadcasts that stream worldwide, such as The Clockwork Cabaret. His song Boogieman Boogie was also included in a compilation of steampunk music released by Gilded Age Records. Musical style. Steel's music is eclectic in genre, often combining the noise and distortion of industrial with aspects of European folk, classical, and even jazz, as well as hip-hop and opera. Many songs feature samples from vintage public service announcements and educational films, such as Duck and Cover. Rue Morgue Magazine described the sound
Janice Man Janice Man (born December 29, 1988) is a fashion model and actress from Hong Kong. Career. Janice Man was discovered by model seekers on the streets when she was 14. Because of this she entered the modeling world at the age of only 14. Her modeling career took a sharp upwards turn in 2007 when she participated in television series such as «過渡青春» and movies like «十分愛». In 2009, August 13, it was announced she signed the contract with Leon Lai's star artist management, A-Music. She later appeared in Hong Kong's Asia Exhibit, Summer Pop Live in HK, and other live concerts. Her fame rose steadily in Asia as she cooperated with Korean Movie Star, Kim Jae Wook, and also shot commercials for Japan's Beauty Warehouse Company, Opaque. She played one of the four main characters in the 2009 film Basic Love along with Elanne Kong, Rex Ho (何浚尉), and Izz Xu (徐正曦); she reportedly became good friends with Kong during the course of the filming. In 2011, she won the 30th Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Dressed. Her more recent accomplishments show a slow but steady turn to more film work, with a critically acclaimed performance in the most recent Nightfall in 2012, starring along Simon Yam and Michael Wong.  
Toi gold mine The Toi gold mine (Japanese: 土肥鉱山, also 土肥金山) was an important gold mine of Japan, located within the city of Toi, Izu Peninsula, Shizuoka Prefecture. History. Small-scale gold mining is said to have started at Toi around 1370 during the period of the Ashikaga Bakufu. The gold mine was operated on a large scale from the time of Tokugawa Ieyasu in the late 16th century. Several mines were open in 1577, but Tokugawa Ieyasu endeavored to their development from 1601. He put the exploitation of the mine under the responsibility of Gold Mine Minister (金山奉行) Ōkubo. Toi was one of several goldmines of the Izu Peninsula, such as Yugashima or Nawaji, totaling about 60 gold mines in Izu alone. The gold and silver produced by these mines permitted the production of Tokugawa coinage, and allowed for the prosperity of the Tokugawa. The city of Toi itself became highly prosperous, with numerous trades flooding in to service the workers and the administration at the gold mine, so that Toi became known as Toi Sengen (土肥千軒, Toi of the 1,000 shops). The mine became less productive as it became flooded. Workers were killed because of the exhausting conditions due to seeping hot springs, and poor oxygen content of air, leading to the installation of water pumps and ventilators at numerous intervals. In 1917, gold was again discovered at the mine, and exploitation continued under the company Toi Kinzan KK. In 1931, the mine entered Sumitomo Group, and passed under Toi Kōgyō KK in 1942. The mine was ultimately closed in 1965 and then reopened for tourism. Characteristics. Toi was the second most productive gold mine in Japan, after the gold mine of Sado in Niigata Prefecture. During its period of exploitation, it produced in total 40 tons of gold and 400 tons of silver, whereas Sado produced as much as 80 tons of gold. One ton of rock would produce in average 5 to 10 grams of gold, although 30 grams ore was common, and some rock has yielded as much as 600 g of gold per ton. Galleries. The galleries of the mine total about 100 kilometers in length, over a surface of 37 hectares, and go as deep as 180 meters below sea level. The area visible for tourism is about 350m long, and goes about 150 meters deep into mountain rock. Legacy. The mine is
Production of Watchmen Watchmen is a 2009 film based on a twelve-issue comic book limited series of same name created by writer Alan Moore, artist Dave Gibbons, and colorist John Higgins, published by DC Comics between 1986 and 1987. The graphic novel's film rights were acquired by producer Lawrence Gordon in 1986. Many problems halted the adaptation's development, with four different studios and various directors and screenwriters being attached to the project through twenty years. In 2006, Zack Snyder, who at the time was filming another comic book adaptation, 300, was hired by Warner Bros. to helm Watchmen. Filming started in 2007, and following deals with two of the previous companies involved in the development—Paramount Pictures, responsible for international distribution rights, and 20th Century Fox, which received the rights to part of the gross—the Watchmen adaptation was finally released in March 2009. Pre-production. Failed projects. In August 1986, producer Lawrence Gordon acquired the film rights to Watchmen for 20th Century Fox, with producer Joel Silver working on the film. Fox asked author Alan Moore to write a screenplay based on his story, but when Moore declined the studio enlisted screenwriter Sam Hamm. On September 9, 1988, Hamm turned in his first draft, but said that condensing a 338-page, nine-panel-a-page comic book into a 128-page script was arduous. He took the liberty of re-writing Watchmen's complicated ending into a more manageable conclusion involving an assassination and a time paradox. Fox put the film into turnaround in 1991, and Gordon set up the project at a new company, Largo International, with Fox distributing the film. Although Largo closed three years later, Fox was promised that they would be involved if the project was revived. Gordon and Silver moved the project to Warner Bros., where Terry Gilliam was attached to direct. Unsatisfied with how Hamm's script fleshed out the characters, Gilliam brought in Charles McKeown to rewrite it. The second draft, which was credited to Gilliam, Warren Skaaren, and Hamm rather than McKeown, used the character Rorschach's diary as a voice-over, and restored scenes from the comic book that Hamm had removed. According to Watchmen artist Dave Gibbons, Silver wanted to cast Arnold Schwarzenegger as Dr. Manhattan. Filming was to take place at Pinewood Studios. Because both Gilliam and Silver's previous films, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and Die Hard 2 respectively, went over budget, they were only able to raise $25
Český Krumlov Český Krumlov (; or Böhmisch Krummau; Krumau; English: Crumlaw, Bohemian Crumlaw) is a small city in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic where Český Krumlov Castle is located. Old Český Krumlov is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and was given this status along with the historic Prague castle district. The city is named Český Krumlov (Bohemian Crumlaw) to differentiate it from Moravský Krumlov in the southeast of the country. History. Construction of the town and castle began in the late 13th century at a ford in the Vltava River, which was important in trade routes in Bohemia. In 1302 the town and castle were owned by the House of Rosenberg. Emperor Rudolf II bought Krumlov in 1602 and gave it to his natural son Julius d’Austria. Emperor Ferdinand II gave Krumlov to the House of Eggenberg. From 1719 until 1945 the castle belonged to the House of Schwarzenberg. Most of the architecture of the old town and castle dates from the 14th through 17th centuries; the town's structures are mostly in Gothic, Renaissance, and Baroque styles. The core of the old town is within a horseshoe bend of the river, with the old Latrán neighborhood and castle on the other side of the Vltava. The town was seat of Duchy of Krumlov. 8,662 inhabitants lived in Krumau an der Moldau in 1910, including 7,367 Germans and 1,295 Czechs. During the interwar era it was part of Czechoslovakia. Between 1938 and 1945 it was annexed by Nazi Germany as part of the Sudetenland. The town's German-speaking population were expelled after World War II and it was restored to Czechoslovakia. During the Communist era of Czechoslovakia, Krumlov fell into disrepair, but since the Velvet Revolution of 1989 much of the town's former beauty has been restored, and it is now a major holiday destination popular with tourists from Germany, Austria and beyond, as far as China. In August, 2002, the town suffered from damage in the great flood of the Vltava River. Sights. Castle. Český Krumlov Castle is unusually large for a town of Krumlov's size; within the Czech Republic it is second in extent only to the Hradčany castle complex of Prague. Inside its grounds are a large rococo garden, an extensive bridge over a deep gap in the rock upon which the castle is built, and the castle itself, which in turn consists of many
National Open University National Open University (NOU), is an Open University in Taiwan. National Open University was established on August 1, 1986 along the lines of Great Britain's Open University. Although National Open University originally had entrance examinations, they were later abolished in 1997. Classes were originally conducted over a dedicated radio station, and television channel and internet classroom were later added. Today, National Open University is a full-service, distance learning university fully accredited by the Taiwanese government, and has an annual enrollment of 35,000 students. Organization. National Open University is headed by a president. The University contain 6 academic departments.  
Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II The Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II continued essential overseas trade during the conflict, a period referred to as The Long Watch by Irish mariners. Irish merchant shipping saw to it that vital imports continued to arrive and exports, mainly food supplies to Great Britain, were delivered. Irish ships sailed unarmed and usually alone, identifying themselves as neutrals with bright lights and by painting the Irish tricolour and EIRE in large letters on their sides and decks. Nonetheless twenty percent of seamen serving in Irish ships perished, victims of a war not their own: attacked by both sides, though predominately by the Axis powers. Often, Allied convoys could not stop to pick up survivors, while Irish ships always answered SOS signals and stopped to rescue survivors, irrespective of which side they belonged to. Irish ships rescued 534 seamen. At the outbreak of World War II, known as The Emergency, Ireland declared neutrality and became isolated as never before. Shipping had been neglected since the Irish War of Independence. Foreign ships, on which Ireland's trade had hitherto depended, were less available; Neutral American ships would not enter the war zone. In his Saint Patrick's Day address in 1940, Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Éamon de Valera lamented: No country had ever been more effectively blockaded because of the activities of belligerents and our lack of ships... Ireland was a net food exporter. The excess was shipped to Britain. The Irish Mercantile Marine ensured that Irish agricultural, and other, exports reached Britain, and that British coal arrived in Ireland. Some foods such as wheat, citric fruits and tea were imported. Ireland depended on, mainly, British tankers for petroleum. Initially Irish ships sailed in British convoys. In the light of experience they choose to sail alone, relying on their neutral markings. German respect for that neutrality varied from friendly to tragic. Cross-channel trade, between Ireland and Britain, was from both national perspectives, the most important Irish trade route. Irish ships crossed the Atlantic on a route defined by the Allies: a line from Fastnet Rock to the Azores and then along the line of latitude at 38° North. Ships on the Lisbon-run, imported wheat and fruits from Spain and Portugal, as well as goods transhipped from the Americas. They followed the line of longitude at 12° West, while Allied convoys to Gibraltar were 20° West. There
Sticky-shed syndrome Sticky-shed syndrome is a condition created by the deterioration of the binders in a magnetic tape, which hold the iron oxide magnetizable coating to its plastic carrier. This deterioration renders the tape unusable. Some kinds of binder are known to break down over time, due to the absorption of moisture (hydrolysis). The symptoms of this breakdown are immediately obvious even when rewinding the tape: tearing sounds and sluggish behavior. If a tape with sticky-shed syndrome is played, the reels will make screeching or squeaking sounds, and the tape will leave dusty, rusty particles on the guides and heads. Cause. Some tapes may deteriorate because of a breakdown in the binder (the glue) that holds the oxide particles on the tape if the tape was from any of the tape manufacturers who had inadvertently used an unstable binder formulation. That binder contained polyurethane that soaks up water and causes the urethane to rise to the tape's surface. This problem became known as the 'sticky-shed syndrome'. Short strands of urethane were most commonly used in tapes - until it was discovered that middle-sized strands are better and were good at absorbing moisture. Baking the tape temporarily restores the tape by driving the water molecules from the binder so that it can be safely copied to another tape or a different format. After baking, the tape usually remains in good condition for approximately a month. If the tape re-deteriorates, it may be possible to bake the tape again. Affected stock. Most tapes affected by Sticky Shed are those that were made by Ampex such as 406/407, 456/457, 499, and consumer/audiophile grade back coated tapes such as Grand Master and 20-20+. Many tapes made by Scotch/3M are also affected and the most common offenders here are the pro tapes such as 206/207, 226/227, 808, and 986 as well as audiophile tapes such as Classic and Master-XS. Though less common, many Sony branded tapes such as PR-150, SLH, ULH, and FeCr have also been reported to suffer from Sticky Shed. Blank cassettes from the 70's-90's are unaffected because the hygroscopic binder was not used in cassette formulations. However, some cassette tape formulations do suffer from a similar problem caused by fatty acids working to the surface of the tape that can cause sticking to heads and guides and severe modulation of signals through the playback head until it is cleaned. As of
Return-oriented programming Return-oriented programming (ROP) is a computer security exploit technique that allows an attacker to execute code in the presence of security defenses such as non-executable memory and code signing. An attacker gains control of the call stack to hijack program control flow and then executes carefully chosen machine instruction sequences, called gadgets. Each gadget typically ends in a return instruction and is located in a subroutine within the existing program and/or shared library code. Chained together, these gadgets allow an attacker to perform arbitrary operations on a machine employing defenses that thwart simpler attacks. Background. Stack smashing attacks. Return-oriented programming is an advanced version of a stack smashing attack. Generally, these types of attacks arise when an adversary manipulates the call stack by taking advantage of a bug in the program, often a buffer overrun. In a buffer overrun, a function that does not perform proper bounds checking before storing user-provided data into memory will accept more input data than it can store properly. If the data is being written onto the stack, the excess data may overflow the space allocated to the function's variables (e.g., locals in the stack diagram to the right) and overwrite the return address. This address will later be used by the function to redirect control flow back to the caller. If it has been overwritten, control flow will be diverted to the location specified by the new return address. In a standard buffer overrun attack, the attacker would simply write attack code (the payload) onto the stack and then overwrite the return address with the location of these newly written instructions. Until the late 1990s, major operating systems did not offer any protection against these attacks; Microsoft Windows provided no buffer-overrun protections until 2004. Eventually, operating systems began to combat the exploitation of buffer overflow bugs by marking the memory where data is written as non-executable, a technique known as data execution prevention. With data execution prevention enabled, the machine would refuse to execute any code located in user-writable areas of memory, preventing the attacker from placing payload on the stack and jumping to it via a return address overwrite. Hardware support for data execution prevention later became available to strengthen this protection. Return-into-library technique. The widespread implementation of data execution prevention made traditional buffer overflow vulnerabilities difficult or impossible to exploit in the manner described above. Instead, an attacker was
Damon Wilson Damon Wilson is an American foreign policy advisor and the current executive vice president at the Atlantic Council of the United States, a foreign and public policy think tank based in Washington, D.C. Prior to joining the Atlantic Council, Wilson served as Senior Director for European Affairs at the National Security Council during President George W. Bush's second term. Biography. Wilson was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He attended Duke University as a Benjamin N. Duke Leadership Scholar and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science in 1995. Following graduation, Wilson was awarded the first Hart Leadership Fellowship for the year 1995-1996, working in Rwanda with Save the Children's Children and War Program. During the fellowship, he helped design the field office's information and documentation systems and participated in program planning for projects focused on unaccompanied children. Wilson completed his master’s degree (MPA) at Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1998. While there, he taught an undergraduate policy workshop on Implementing NATO Expansion with Dr. Richard Ullman and was selected for a Presidential Management Fellowship. As a fellow, Wilson worked on the State Department's China desk and at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing. Wilson speaks French and has been decorated by the Presidents of Estonia, Hungary, Latvia and Poland for his efforts to advance transatlantic relations. Career. Wilson has had a long career in working on defense policy as it relates to NATO and US-European relations. He has worked for the NATO Secretary General, the National Security Council, the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad before finally moving to the Atlantic Council. Deputy Director of the Private Office of the NATO Secretary General. As Deputy Director of the Private Office of the NATO Secretary General, assisting Lord Robertson in his drive to transform the Alliance by enlarging NATO membership, conducting operations beyond Europe particularly in Afghanistan, and adapting Allied capabilities to face modern threats. Mr. Wilson also supported the Secretary General's role in the successful effort to avert civil war in Macedonia. Director for Central, Eastern and Northern European Affairs at the National Security Council. From January 2004 to November 2006, as Director for Central, Eastern and Northern European Affairs at the National Security Council, Wilson strengthened ties with the German Chancellery, coordinated interagency policy in support of reform in Ukraine, including during the Orange Revolution, directed efforts to deepen engagement
Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II The coronation of Queen Elizabeth II as monarch of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Ceylon, and Pakistan took place on 2 June 1953. Elizabeth, then aged 25, ascended the thrones of these countries upon the death of her father, George VI, on 6 February 1952, and was proclaimed queen by her various privy and executive councils shortly afterwards. The coronation was delayed for more than a year because of the tradition that such a festival was inappropriate during the period of mourning that followed the death of the preceding sovereign. In the ceremony itself, Elizabeth swore an oath to uphold the laws of her nations and to govern the Church of England. Celebrations took place and a commemorative medal was issued throughout the Commonwealth realms. Preparations. For the one-day coronation ceremony, 16 months of preparation took place, with the first meeting of the Coronation Commission taking place in April 1952, under the chairmanship of the Queen's husband, Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (later Prince Philip). Other committees, such as the Coronation Joint Committee and the Coronation Commission, were established and were more international in nature; high commissioners from other Commonwealth realms were members of these groups, reflecting the dual domestic and international nature of the coronation. Still, though British organisers wanted it to be otherwise, no officials from any Commonwealth realm other than the UK would participate in the event itself; the governments of those countries considered the ceremony to be a religious rite unique to Britain; as Canadian Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent said at the time: in my view the Coronation is the official enthronement of the Sovereign as Sovereign of the U.K... We are happy to attend and witness the Coronation of the Sovereign of the U.K. but we are not direct participants in that function. The Coronation Commission announced in June 1952 that the coronation would take place one year later, on 2 June. Elizabeth's grandmother Queen Mary died on 24 March 1953, having stated in her will that her death should not affect the planning of the coronation, and the event went ahead as scheduled. Norman Hartnell was commissioned by the Queen to design the outfits for all the members of the Royal Family and especially the dress Elizabeth would wear at the coronation; Hartnell's design for the latter evolved through nine proposals, the final reached
Manchester Mark 1 The Manchester Mark 1 was one of the earliest stored-program computers, developed at the Victoria University of Manchester from the Small-Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM) or Baby (operational in June 1948). It was also called the Manchester Automatic Digital Machine, or MADM. Work began in August 1948, and the first version was operational by April 1949; a program written to search for Mersenne primes ran error-free for nine hours on the night of 16/17 June 1949. The machine's successful operation was widely reported in the British press, which used the phrase electronic brain in describing it to their readers. That description provoked a reaction from the head of the University of Manchester's Department of Neurosurgery, the start of a long-running debate as to whether an electronic computer could ever be truly creative. The Mark 1 was to provide a computing resource within the university, to allow researchers to gain experience in the practical use of computers, but it very quickly also became a prototype on which the design of Ferranti's commercial version could be based. Development ceased at the end of 1949, and the machine was scrapped towards the end of 1950, replaced in February 1951 by a Ferranti Mark 1, the world's first commercially available general-purpose electronic computer. The computer is especially historically significant because of its pioneering inclusion of index registers, an innovation which made it easier for a program to read sequentially through an array of words in memory. Thirty-four patents resulted from the machine's development, and many of the ideas behind its design were incorporated in subsequent commercial products such as the and 702 as well as the Ferranti Mark 1. The chief designers, Frederic C. Williams and Tom Kilburn, concluded from their experiences with the Mark 1 that computers would be used more in scientific roles than in pure mathematics. In 1951 they started development work on Meg, the Mark 1's successor, which would include a floating point unit. Background. In 1936, mathematician Alan Turing published a definition of a theoretical universal computing machine, a computer which held its program on tape, along with the data being worked on. Turing proved that such a machine was capable of solving any conceivable mathematical problem for which an algorithm could be written. During the 1940s, Turing and others such as Konrad Zuse developed the idea of using the computer's own memory to hold both
Tryton Tryton is a three-tier high-level general purpose computer application platform on top of which is built an Enterprise resource planning (ERP) business solution through a set of Tryton modules. The three-tiers architecture consists of the Tryton client, the Tryton server and the Database management system (mainly PostgreSQL). License. The platform, along with the official modules, are Free software, licensed under the GPLv3. Modules and functional coverage. The official modules provide a coverage of the following functional fields: Technical features. The client and the server applications are written in Python, the client use GTK+ as graphical toolkit. Both are available on Linux, OS X, and Windows. A standalone version including client and server exists and is named Neso. The kernel provides the technical foundations needed by most business applications. However it is not linked to any particular functional field hence constituting a general purpose framework: Being a framework, Tryton can be used as a platform for the development of various other solutions than just business ERPs. A very prominent example is GNU Health, a free Health and Hospital Information System based on Tryton. Origin and history. Tryton's origin is a fork of the version 4.2 of TinyERP (which was later called OpenERP; a comparison with Open ERP can be seen here). The first version was published in November 2008 Project management & governance. In contrast to their parent project and other open-source business software, the Tryton founders avoided creating a partner network which tends to generate opposition and duality between the partners and the community of volunteers. They followed the PostgreSQL example where the project is driven by a federation of companies. As of December 2012, the project is backed by TRYTON, a Belgian private foundation pursuing a disinterested purpose. The foundation's missions are: The release process is organised around series. A series is a set of releases with the same two first numbers (e.g. 1.0 or 1.2) that shares the same API and the same database scheme. A new series appears every six months and new versions in older release are introduced when bugfixes are available. Name. The name Tryton refers to Triton, a mythological Greek god (son of Poseidon, god of the sea, and Amphitrite, goddess of the sea) and Python, the implementation language.  
Belt filter The belt filter (sometimes called a belt filter press) is an industrial machine, used for solid/liquid separation processes, particularly the dewatering of sludges in the chemical industry, mining and water treatment. The process of filtration is primarily obtained by passing a pair of filtering cloths and belts through a system of rollers. Operation. The feed sludge to be dewatered is introduced from a hopper between two monofilament filter cloths (supported by perforated belts) which pass through a convoluted arrangement of rollers. As the belts are fed through the rollers, water is squeezed out of the sludge. When the belts pass through the final pair of rollers in the process, the filter cloths are separated and the filter cake is scraped off into a suitable container. A belt filter is generally used in phosphatic fertiliser plants to separate the solid from slurry. It comprises washing to different zone to minimise the product losses. Belt filters use a vacuum system to minimise offgas and effluent during operations. It has applications in many other areas of industry. Improvements. The effectiveness of the operation can be increased by creating a pressure difference across the filter cloth. The filter cloth is directed though a zone where either pressure or vacuum pushes water from the filter cloths and ultimately to drain. The sludge can be combined with a filter aid or flocculant the help the filtration process and reduce blinding of the filter cloth. Filter cloths can be cleaned throughout the operation of the process by means of water sprays positioned on the return section of the belt.  
Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society The Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society was organized as an auxiliary of the American Anti-Slavery Society in 1835. Its roots were in New England Anti-Slavery Society, organized by William Lloyd Garrison, editor of The Liberator, in 1831. Garrison went on to organize a national organization, the American Anti-Slavery Society, in 1833. History. New England Anti-Slavery Society. The New England Anti-Slavery Society (1831–1835) was formed by William Lloyd Garrison, editor of The Liberator, in 1831. The Liberator was also its official publication. Based in Boston, Massachusetts, members of the New England Anti-slavery Society supported immediate abolition and viewed slavery as immoral and non-Christian. It was particularly opposed to the American Colonization Society which proposed sending African Americans to Africa. The Society sponsored lecturers or agents who traveled throughout the New England area, speaking in local churches or halls, and also selling abolitionist tracts or The Liberator. Whenever possible, the Society's agents would also encourage the formation of local anti-slavery societies. By 1833 there were 47 local societies in ten northern states, 33 of them in New England. The Society also sponsored mass mobilizations such as yearly anti-slavery conventions and celebrations of July 4 or the Anniversary of the Abolition of Slavery in the West Indies, August 1. Massachusetts General Colored Association. In January 1833, Thomas Dalton, president of the Massachusetts General Colored Association, led a successful petition to merge with the New England Anti-Slavery Society. Separate black anti-slavery societies had already existed in Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, Connecticut, and New Jersey, however, a strong feeling against the organization of separate anti-slavery societies had been emerging. Together they organized Anti-Slavery conventions and speaking programs throughout New England. Sometime after Joshua Easton was sent as a delegate to the New England society in 1833, African Americans were granted full membership in the organization. American Anti-Slavery Society. In 1833, Garrison and Arthur Tappan expanded this society and formed the American Anti-Slavery Society. The American Anti-Slavery Society, however, attempted to create state-based organizations under the umbrella of its Executive Committee. At first the New England Anti-Slavery Society and the American Society worked together with the New England Society becoming an auxiliary in 1834. Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. In 1835, however, the New England Society gave up its regional jurisdiction and reorganized into the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. Following the Civil War the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society took up the cause of racial equality.  
The Idea of Justice The Idea of Justice is a 2009 book by Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen. The book has been described by The Economist as commanding summation of Mr Sen’s own work on economic reasoning and on the elements and measurement of human well-being. Sen delivered a lecture based on the book (The Penguin Annual Lecture) in Kolkata on August 5 which was followed by a discussion with Barkha Dutt. Sen's book is principally a critique and revision of John Rawls' basic ideas in A Theory of Justice. Sen was a student of Rawls and the book is dedicated to his memory. One of Sen's main arguments throughout the book is that the project of social justice should not be evaluated in binary terms, as either achieved or not. Rather, he claims that justice should be understood as existing to a matter of degree, and should correspondingly be evaluated along a continuum. Furthermore, he argues that we do not need a fully established abstract ideal of justice to evaluate the fairness of different institutions. He claims that we can meaningfully compare the level of justice in two institutions without positing an ideal, transcendental idea of justice. He names the opposite position institutional transcendentalism. Sen defends one of Rawls' most fundamental theoretical concepts: justice as fairness. Although this is a vague notion fraught with difficulties in any particular case, he nevertheless views it as one of Rawls' strongest insights while rejecting the necessity of Rawls' two principles of justice emerging from the Original position thought experiment in A Theory of Justice. Sen also draws heavily on Adam Smith and his first major work The Theory of Moral Sentiments, arguing that it is Smith's most important and unduly overlooked work.  
Talkmobile Talkmobile is a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) operating in the United Kingdom. The company is owned by The Carphone Warehouse (CPW) and is run on the Vodafone network. The company launched in 2007, first offering just four payment plans before expanding into a wider range of tariffs and products. CPW's original MVNO was called Fresh Mobile and used to run on the one2one/T-Mobile network. Fresh was discontinued in 2010 in favour of TalkMobile. Products and services. They were the first to introduce £1 sim only plans.  
Go Radio Go Radio is a rock band from Tallahassee, Florida, formed by former Mayday Parade vocalist, guitarist and lyricist Jason Lancaster in April 2007. The band has toured with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, A Day to Remember, as well as Mayday Parade. They played the entire Vans Warped Tour in 2011. History. Formation and Welcome to Life (2007–2009). Go Radio formed in April 2007 after Jason Lancaster left Mayday Parade. Together with Matt 'Burns' Poulos, as well as Steven Kopacz and Patrick Hosey of the Florida band Don't Die Cindy, Lancaster started Go Radio. The name Go Radio was originally going to be the name of a Mayday Parade side project of Lancaster's. Hosey left the band in late 2007, and was replaced by Tony Planas. In 2008 Go Radio released their debut EP Welcome To Life. Planas left the band in late 2008, and was replaced by Alex Reed, formerly of the Michigan band Carawae. Reed contacted the band through Myspace and originally joined only as a touring guitarist, but was later promoted to a full time member. Do Overs and Second Chances (2009–2010). On September 8, 2009 the band released their first studio update. They revealed that they were in the process of recording a new EP with producers Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount, both of whom produced Mayday Parade's A Lesson in Romantics. On October 5, 2009, Go Radio released two of the songs from the EP on their Myspace. The band then signed to Fearless Records on January 21, 2010 and went on to release Do Overs and Second Chances as their Fearless Records debut on April 20, 2010. Lucky Street (2010–2011). In the July 2010 Issue of Alternative Press Jason Lancaster revealed that he had begun writing for Go Radio's debut LP for Fearless Records. On August 31, 2010 in Brooklyn, NY the band headed into the studio with Tim O’Heir (The All-American Rejects, Hot Rod Circuit, The Starting Line, Say Anything). They finished recording on September 29, 2010. The resulting album, Lucky Street was released on March 1, 2011. The album was very well received by critics, and debuted No. 77 on the US Billboard 200 and debuted within the top 20 of the US Billboard Rock, Independent, and Alternative Albums charts. On June 6, 2011, a music video for the single Any Other Heart premiered on Vevo. In the summer of
Seven Gates of Hell The Seven Gates of Hell is a legend of the York, Pennsylvania area of America. Two versions of the legend exist, one involving a burnt insane asylum and the other an eccentric doctor. Both agree that there are seven gates in a wooded area of Hellam Township, Pennsylvania, and that anyone who passes through all seven goes straight to Hell. The location in question never housed an institution; the aforementioned doctor only constructed one gate, to keep out trespassers. The area still receives a number of tourists, some of whom harass local residents, causing them to call the police. Myth. There are two popular versions of the myth, with numerous variants of each. One states that a mental institution used to be located on either Toad Road or Trout Run Road, depending on the source, in Hellam Township, Pennsylvania. It was erected in a remote location so as to isolate people deemed insane from the rest of the world. One day in the 1800s, a fire broke out and, due to its remoteness, firefighters could not reach the hospital in time to save it. Many patients died in the flames, while others escaped and were soon beaten to death. The gates' role in the story is disputed. Some say that the gates were put up by the local search party to trap the remaining inmates. Others say that, completely unrelated to the asylum story, an eccentric physician who lived on the property built several gates along a path deep into the forest. Both accounts agree on only one gate being visible during the day, but the other six can be seen at night. According to the legend, no one has ever passed the fifth gate, but if they passed all seven, they would go directly to hell. Another story about the gates of hell is of a man in the 1950s who murdered his wife and children with a shot gun and impaled their corpses on the spikes of one of the gates. Before the house was torn down, bullet holes were visible in the garage door and in the wall on the side of the house where the garage door was located. Reality. In reality, there is no road called Toad Road in Hellam Township, because it was washed away by Hurricane Agnes, but there is one named Trout Run Road. There was no
White Liar White Liar is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in August 2009 as the second single from her album Revolution. Lambert performed White Liar on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on October 6, 2009, and on the 2009 CMA Awards on November 11, 2009. In December 2009, the song became Lambert's second Top 10 hit and reached a peak of number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 6, 2010. The was written by Lambert and Natalie Hemby. Lambert donated the original, handwritten copy of White Liar to the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum for public display behind a glass case. Content. White Liar is a moderate up-tempo song in the key of F major backed primarily by steel guitar. The female narrator in the song describes confronting her man for cheating, whom she refers to as being a white liar for deceiving her, in reference to the term white lie. Reception. White Liar has received positive reviews from critics. Jim Malec gave the song a thumbs up, describing it as a decidedly alt-country track that showcases a significant Steve Earle influence and finds Lambert comfortably settling into a vocal groove that compliments the song’s melody instead of overpowering it. He also complimented the production, which featured the employment of a spectacular steel track that underlines the song throughout. Dan Milliken of Country Universe gave the song a B rating, stating that although the melody and production are reminiscent of Little Big Town’s best rustic country-rock, and there’s a much more commanding hook here than “Dead Flowers” had, the effort is compromised by throwaway lines. The shortage of lyrical meat gives the song an “undeveloped storyboard” kind of feel, but the overall energy of the execution goes a long way toward making up for it. Bobby Peacock of Roughstock gave a generally favorable review as well, noting that the song shows a sense of growth — a sense to become even more lyrically-oriented than on even her critically acclaimed first two albums but adding that he considered the bridge undeveloped. White Liar received three nominations (for Single of the Year, Song of the Year, and Video of the Year) at the 2010 Academy of Country Music Awards; of these, Lambert took home the award for Video of
Bay of Plenty The Bay of Plenty is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand's North Island. It stretches from the Coromandel Peninsula in the west to Cape Runaway in the east, a wide stretch of some 259 km of open coastline. The Bay of Plenty Region is situated around this body of water, also incorporating several large islands in the bay. History. The Bay of Plenty was the first part of New Zealand to be settled, by the Māori. The name Bay of Plenty originated with James Cook during his 1769–70 exploration of New Zealand, who noted the abundant resources in the area. The Māori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi (the sea of Toi), a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi. In the 1830s, Europeans began to settle in the area. On 5 October 2011, the MV Rena ran aground on the Astrolabe Reef off the coast of the Bay of Plenty causing a large oil spill. The spill is described as New Zealand's worst ever environmental disaster. Geography. The coastline from Waihi Beach in the west to Opape is defined as sandy coast, while the coast from Opape to Cape Runaway is rocky shore. Sizeable harbours are located at Tauranga, Whakatane and Ohiwa. Major estuaries include Maketu, Little Waihi, Whakatane, Waiotahi and Waioeka/Otara. Eight major rivers empty into the bay from inland catchments, including Wairoa River, Kaituna, Tarawera, Rangitaiki, Whakatane, Waioeka, Motu and Raukokore Rivers. The bay contains numerous islands, notably the active volcano Whakaari / White Island, which lies 50 kilometres from the North Island coast in the eastern bay. Other large islands include (from west to east) Matakana Island, Mayor Island / Tuhua, Motiti Island, and Moutohora Island. Population. The coast of the bay is dotted with several sizable settlements, the largest of which is the conurbation of the city of Tauranga and its neighbour Mount Maunganui in the west. The town of Whakatane is located in the centre of the coast. Other towns of note include Waihi Beach, Katikati, Maketu, Pukehina Beach and Opotiki. The market town of Te Puke lies a short distance inland from the bay coast. Most of the population along the bay's coast is concentrated in the western and central parts of the shore; the eastern part of the bay is sparsely populated hill country. Economy and human use. The bay is a popular area
Antonio López de Santa Anna Antonio de Padua María Severino López de Santa Anna y Pérez de Lebrón (21 February 1794 – 21 June 1876), often known as Santa Anna or López de Santa Anna and sometimes called the Napoleon of the West, was a Mexican political, general, and eleven-time president who greatly influenced early Mexican politics and government. Santa Anna fought first against Mexican independence from Spain, then in support of it. Though not the first caudillo (military leader) of Mexico, he was among the earliest. He was general and president multiple times over a turbulent 40-year career; he was president on eleven non-consecutive occasions over a period of 22 years. A wealthy landowner, he built a firm political base in the major port city of Veracruz. He was the hero of the Army; he sought glory for himself and his army, and repeatedly rebuilt it after major losses. A brave soldier and a cunning politician, he so dominated his era that historians often call it the Age of Santa Anna. However, historians also report that he is perhaps the principal inhabitant even today of Mexico's black pantheon of those who failed the nation. His centralist rhetoric and military failures resulted in Mexico losing just over half its territory, beginning with the Texas Revolution and culminating with the Mexican Cession of 1848. Early years. Santa Anna was born in Xalapa, Veracruz, Nueva España (New Spain), on 21 February 1794. He came from a respected Spanish colonial family; he and his parents, Antonio López de Santa Anna and Manuela Pérez de Lebrón, belonged to the criollo high class (criollos were persons of European descent but born in the Americas). His father served for a time as a sub-delegate for the Spanish province of Veracruz. Santa Anna's parents were wealthy enough to send their son to school. In June 1810, the 16-year-old Santa Anna joined the Fijo de Veracruz infantry regiment as a cadet against the wishes of his parents, who wanted him to pursue a career in commerce. Military career. In 1810, the same year that Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla started Mexico’s first attempt to gain independence from Spain, Santa Anna joined the colonial Spanish Army under José Joaquín de Arredondo, who taught him much about treating Mexican nationalist rebels. In 1811, Santa Anna was wounded in the left arm or hand by an arrow during the campaign under
Louis Brandeis Louis Dembitz Brandeis (; November 13, 1856 – October 5, 1941) was an American lawyer and Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States from 1916 to 1939. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Jewish immigrant parents from Bohemia, who raised him in a secular home. He enrolled at Harvard Law School, graduating at the age of twenty with the highest grade average in the law school's history. Brandeis settled in Boston where he became a recognized lawyer through his work on progressive social causes. Starting in 1890, he helped develop the right to privacy concept by writing a Harvard Law Review article of that title, and was thereby credited by legal scholar Roscoe Pound as having accomplished nothing less than adding a chapter to our law. He later published a book titled Other People's Money And How the Bankers Use It, suggesting ways of curbing the power of large banks and money trusts, which partly explains why he later fought against powerful corporations, monopolies, public corruption, and mass consumerism, all of which he felt were detrimental to American values and culture. He also became active in the Zionist movement, seeing it as a solution to antisemitism in Europe and Russia, while at the same time being a way to revive the Jewish spirit. When his family’s finances became secure, he began devoting most of his time to public causes and was later dubbed the “People’s Lawyer.” He insisted on serving on cases without pay so that he would be free to address the wider issues involved. The Economist magazine calls him A Robin Hood of the law. Among his notable early cases were actions fighting railroad monopolies; defending workplace and labor laws; helping create the Federal Reserve System; and presenting ideas for the new Federal Trade Commission (FTC). He achieved recognition by submitting a case brief, later called the Brandeis Brief, which relied on expert testimony from people in other professions to support his case, thereby setting a new precedent in evidence presentation. In 1916, President Woodrow Wilson nominated Brandeis to become a member of the Supreme Court. However, his nomination was bitterly contested, partly because, as Justice William O. Douglas wrote, Brandeis was a militant crusader for social justice whoever his opponent might be. He was dangerous not only because of his brilliance, his arithmetic, his courage. He was dangerous because he
Modula-2 Modula-2 is a computer programming language designed and developed between 1977 and 1985 by Niklaus Wirth at ETH Zurich as a revision of Pascal to serve as the sole programming language for the operating system and application software for the personal workstation Lilith. The principal concepts were: Modula-2 was understood by Niklaus Wirth as a successor to his earlier programming language Pascal. The language design was also influenced by the Mesa programming language and the new programming possibilities of the early personal computer Xerox Alto, both from Xerox, that Wirth saw during his 1976 sabbatical year at Xerox PARC. The computer magazine BYTE devoted the issue August 1984 to the language and its surrounding environment. Description. Modula-2 is a general purpose procedural language, sufficiently flexible to do systems programming, but with much broader application. In particular, it was designed to support separate compilation and data abstraction in a straightforward way. Much of the syntax is based on Wirth's earlier and better-known language, Pascal. Modula-2 was designed to be broadly similar to Pascal, with some elements and syntactic ambiguities removed and the important addition of the module concept, and direct language support for multiprogramming. Here is an example of the source code for the Hello world program: The Modula-2 module may be used to encapsulate a set of related subprograms and data structures, and restrict their visibility from other portions of the program. The module design implemented the data abstraction feature of Modula-2 in a very clean way. Modula-2 programs are composed of modules, each of which is made up of two parts: a definition module, the interface portion, which contains only those parts of the subsystem that are exported (visible to other modules), and an implementation module, which contains the working code that is internal to the module. The language has strict scope control. In particular the scope of a module can be considered as an impenetrable wall: Except for standard identifiers no object from the outer world is visible inside a module unless explicitly imported; no internal module object is visible from the outside unless explicitly exported. Suppose module M1 exports objects a, b, c, and P by enumerating its identifiers in an explicit export list Then the objects a, b,c, and P from module M1 become now known outside module M1 as M1.a, M1.b, M1.c, and M1.P. They are exported in a qualified manner to the
UD Salamanca Unión Deportiva Salamanca, S.A.D. () was a Spanish football team based in Salamanca, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 16 March 1923, it played its last season in Segunda División B. Nicknamed Los Charros, the club played in white shirts and black shorts, holding home games at Estadio El Helmántico, which seated 17,341 spectators. History. Initially formed by Irish students, Salamanca first played in early Spanish championships in 1907, before an official league was founded later on. On 16 March 1923, at the tables of Café Novelty, situated in the Plaza Mayor, Dionisio Ridruejo set the club's early official foundations and, from 1939 and during the following three decades, it fluctuated between the third and the second levels of the Spanish football league. In the 1974–75 season, Salamanca made its La Liga debuts, overachieving for a final 7th position (out of 18 teams), which eventually would be its best classification ever. The team lasted in the topflight until 1981, mainly coached by José Luis García Traid, then returned the following year for a further two seasons, being further relegated to Segunda División B – the new third division created in 1977 – in 1984–85, and spending three years in that category before promoting back. In 1994–95's second division, after finishing fourth in the league, Salamanca lost the first leg of the promotion/relegation playoffs against Albacete Balompié, 0–2 at home, but won 5–0 away, returning to the main level after eleven years. The club was managed by 29-year-old Juan Manuel Lillo, also in charge for the following season, as the Castile and León club ranked 22nd and last in the top level. From 1999 onwards (with two more visits to the first division, with 15th and 20th-place finishes respectively), Salamanca stabilized in the second level, save for the 2005–06 season spent in the third division, with the club winning the regular season and promoting in the playoffs. Veteran Quique Martín was arguably the most important player of the club in the decade, whilst Argentine Jorge D'Alessandro, who held the record for most games in the top division in the club's history, worked with the team as a manager in a further two spells (three in total). 2010–11 brought a club record ten consecutive defeats between December 2010/February 2011, and two coaching changes, as Salamanca returned to the third division after five years. On 18
GLaDOS GLaDOS, short for Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System, is a fictional artificially intelligent computer system and the main antagonist in the video game Portal as well as the first half of its sequel, Portal 2. She was created by Erik Wolpaw and Kim Swift and is voiced by Ellen McLain. She is responsible for testing and maintenance in Aperture Science research facility in both video games. While she initially appears to simply be a voice to guide and aid the player, her words and actions become increasingly malicious until she makes her intentions clear. The game reveals that she is corrupted and used a neurotoxin to kill the scientists in the lab before the events of Portal. She is destroyed at the end of the first title by the player-character Chell but is revealed to have survived in the credits song Still Alive. The inspiration for her creation extends from Wolpaw's use of a text-to-speech program while writing lines for the video game Psychonauts. Other Psychonauts designers were finding the lines funnier as a result of the text-to-speech voice. GLaDOS was originally intended to be used in the first area of Portal; she was well-received by other designers and her role was expanded as a result. Play testers were motivated to complete tests in the game due to her guidance. While the game was originally designed to have other characters, they later decided to remove them and leave GLaDOS as the only character players encounter. The physical appearance of GLaDOS went through several designs, one which featured a large disk below her. McLain imitated dialog written in a text-to-speech program with her own voice, which was later processed to sound more robotic. She also sang the lyrics for Still Alive, written by Jonathan Coulton, which played during the credits of Portal. The song became hugely successful; it appeared in the Rock Band series and has been a popular song for YouTube users to cover. GLaDOS has been well-received by critics and gamers, some of whom called her narcissistic, passive-aggressive, sinister, and witty. She is considered one of the greatest video game characters, particularly among those created between 2000 to 2009. She was universally praised for her contributions to the quality of Portals narrative and was awarded multiple awards for best new character in 2007 from GameSpy, GamePro, and X-Play. A number of websites and magazines listed her
Glossary of HVAC terms HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) is a major subdiscipline of mechanical engineering. The goal of HVAC design is to balance indoor environmental comfort with other factors such as installation cost, ease of maintenance, and energy efficiency. The discipline of HVAC includes a large number of specialized terms and acronyms, many of which are summarized in this glossary.  
Option Paralysis Option Paralysis is the fourth full-length studio album by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan, released on March 23, 2010. After having fulfilled their contract with Relapse Records, the band released the album through Party Smasher Inc., their own new imprint in collaboration with French record label Season of Mist. It marks The Dillinger Escape Plan's first release to feature Billy Rymer on drums, since Gil Sharone left the band in September 2008 due to the frequent touring schedule and to focus on his brother's band Stolen Babies. Background. Formation of Party Smasher Inc.. The Dillinger Escape Plan announced their departure from Relapse Records in 2009. They had become dissatisfied with the music industry and music media, and decided to create their own record label to release their fourth studio-album. Commenting on the dissolving indie band culture, guitarist Ben Weinman stated, back in the day there were record labels that you trusted, loved and you bought everything on it and you discovered a lot of great new music because of it. You listen to every single song back to front a million times, it'd be worn out to death before you moved onto another record. You'd read everything in the booklet, you'd read all the lyrics, you'd read all the notes, you'd discover something new. Speaking to Kerrang! about the decision, he said: The most important thing was to keep evolving and changing. We didn't want to be stuck in some long contract that won't be relevant in a few years time... Or possibly even tomorrow. So half out of necessity, half out of choice, we decided to do this ourselves. The hard part is figuring out whether you're sacrificing your creative side because you're so busy with the business. That's the challenge and we're figuring it out. The band created their own imprint Party Smasher Inc. under French label Season of Mist. They stated that Party Smasher (which was originally erroneously reported to be called Photogenic Records) is not technically a record label but a creative umbrella for all things related to The Dillinger Escape Plan. In an interview with Alternative Press, Weinman stated, Well, I should clarify that it's not exactly our attempt to run a record label. That's not something we could be good at, and it's obviously not something anybody's good at these days. It's more a situation where we now have
The Stone Breakers The Stone Breakers () was an 1849–50 painting by the French painter Gustave Courbet. It was a work of social realism, depicting two peasants, a young man and an old man, breaking rocks. The painting was first exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1850. It was destroyed during World War II, along with 154 other pictures, when a transport vehicle moving the pictures to the castle of Königstein, near Dresden, was bombed by Allied forces in February 1945.  
Asterios Polyp Asterios Polyp is a 2009 graphic novel by American cartoonist David Mazzucchelli. Overview. The title character, Asterios Polyp, is a professor and architect of Greek and Italian descent who teaches at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. After a lightning strike burns up his apartment, he leaves the city on a Greyhound bus and takes up employment as an auto mechanic in the town of Apogee (somewhere in America), the farthest point his money will take him. The novel is interspersed with scenes from his past (ostensibly narrated by his stillborn twin brother, Ignazio), including his childhood and troubled marriage; as well as dreams and allegorical sequences. Finally, he must confront not only his own flawed nature, but the implacable and amoral whims of the gods themselves. Themes. In plot, structure, and design, this book seems to explore the idea of duality. Some of the false dichotomies touched upon are: Apollonian vs. Dionysian; reason vs. emotion; destiny vs. free will; and nature vs. nurture. Ultimately, the book raises questions about how a person becomes who and what he is. Asterios' Greek heritage is one of many allusions to the story of Orpheus and Euridice, a recurring theme throughout the book. It can also be related to the Odyssey, upon which the story is loosely based. Publication. Asterios Polyp grew out of a story idea that would have filled the entire fourth issue of Rubber Blanket. It was published as a hardcover, with an architectonic design that alluded to themes of form and function within the text, including a dust jacket shorter than the size of the book that revealed the structure underneath. Questioned about the impracticality of his design, Mazzucchelli joked that it was the most frustrating package could come up with. Reception. The book has sold over 40,000 copies since its publication in July 2009; it is now in its fourth printing. It won the first Los Angeles Times Book Prize Graphic Novel award. It received four 2010 Eisner Award nominations and won for best new graphic album, best writer/artist and best lettering. It also won three 2010 Harvey Awards.  
Koningsdag Koningsdag () or King's Day is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Celebrated on 27 April (the 26th if the 27th falls on a Sunday), the date marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander. From 1890 to 2013, the day was known as Koninginnedag (; ) or Queen's Day. The holiday was first observed on 31 August 1885 as Prinsessedag or Princess's Day, the fifth birthday anniversary of Princess Wilhelmina, heiress to the Dutch throne. On her accession, the holiday acquired the name, Koninginnedag. When held on 31 August the holiday was the final day of school summer vacation, leading to its popularity among children. Following the accession of Wilhelmina's daughter Juliana in 1948, the holiday was moved to Queen Juliana's birthday on 30 April. Her daughter, Beatrix retained the celebration on 30 April after she ascended the throne in 1980, despite her actual birthday occurring on 31 January. Beatrix altered her mother's custom of receiving a floral parade near a Royal palace, instead choosing to visit different Dutch towns each year and join in the festivities along with her sons. In 2009, the Queen was carrying out this custom in the city of Apeldoorn when Karst Tates attempted to attack her by trying to ram the Royal family's vehicle with his car; instead he drove into a crowd of people who were watching the parade, and fatally crashed into a monument. Seven people in the crowd were killed, and the car's driver also died soon afterwards. Koningsdag is known for its nationwide vrijmarkt (free market), at which many Dutch sell their secondhand items. It is also an opportunity for orange madness or oranjegekte, for the national colour, when the normally strait-laced Dutch let down their hair, often dyed orange for the occasion. History. Wilhelmina (presided as princess 1885–1890, as queen 1890–1948). Faced with an unpopular monarchy, in the 1880s the liberals in Dutch government sought a means of promoting national unity. King William III was disliked, but his four-year-old daughter Princess Wilhelmina was not. A holiday honouring King William had been intermittently held on his birthday, and J. W. R. Gerlach, editor of the newspaper Utrechts Provinciaal en Stedelijk Dagblad, proposed that the princess's birthday be observed as an opportunity for patriotic celebration and national reconciliation. Prinsessedag or Princess's Day was first celebrated in the Netherlands on 31 August 1885, Wilhelmina's fifth birthday. The young
Cartesian product In mathematics, a Cartesian product is a mathematical operation which returns a set (or product set) from multiple sets. That is, for sets A and B, the Cartesian product is the set of all ordered pairs where and . The simplest case of a Cartesian product is the Cartesian square, which returns a set from two sets. A table can be created by taking the Cartesian product of a set of rows and a set of columns. If the Cartesian product is taken, the cells of the table contain ordered pairs of the form . A Cartesian product of n sets can be represented by an array of n dimensions, where each element is an n-tuple. An ordered pair is a 2-tuple. The Cartesian product is named after René Descartes, whose formulation of analytic geometry gave rise to the concept. Examples. A deck of cards. An illustrative example is the Standard 52-card deck. The standard playing card ranks {Ace, King, Queen, Jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2} form a 13 element-set. The card suits form a 4-element set. The Cartesian product of these sets returns a 52-element set consisting of 52 ordered pairs which correspond to all 52 possible playing cards. returns a set of the form {(Ace, ♠), (King, ♠), ..., (2, ♠), (Ace, ♥), ..., (3, ♣), (2, ♣)}. returns a set of the form {(♠, Ace), (♠, King), ..., (♠, 2 ), (♥, Ace), ..., (♣, 3), (♣, 2)}. A two-dimensional coordinate system. An example in analytic geometry is the Cartesian plane. The Cartesian plane is the result of the Cartesian product of two sets X and Y, which refer to points on the x-axis and points on the y-axis, respectively. This Cartesian product can be denoted as . This produces the set of all possible ordered pairs whose first component is a member of X and whose second component is a member of Y (e.g., the whole of the x–y plane). Alternatively, the Cartesian product can be denoted as , in which case the first component of the order pair is a member of Y and the second component of the ordered pair is a member of X. The Cartesian product is consequently not commutative. Most common implementation (set theory). A formal definition of the Cartesian product from set-theoretical principles follows from a definition of ordered pair. The most
Conditional probability In probability theory, a conditional probability is the probability that an event will occur, when another event is known to occur or to have occurred. If the events are A and B respectively, this is said to be the probability of A given B. It is commonly denoted by P(A|B), or sometimes P(A). P(A|B) may or may not be equal to P(A), the probability of A. If they are equal, A and B are said to be independent. For example, if a coin is flipped twice, the outcome of the second flip is independent of the outcome of the first flip. In the Bayesian interpretation of probability, the conditioning event is interpreted as evidence for the conditioned event. That is, P(A) is the probability of A before accounting for evidence E, and P(A|E) is the probability of A having accounted for evidence E. Definition. Conditioning on an event. Kolmogorov definition. Given two events A and B with P(B) > 0, the conditional probability of A given B is defined as the quotient of the joint probability of A and B, and the probability of B: This may be visualized as restricting the sample space to B. The logic behind this equation is that if the outcomes are restricted to B, this set serves as the new sample space. As an axiom of probability. Some authors, such as De Finetti, prefer to introduce conditional probability as an axiom of probability: Although mathematically equivalent, this may be preferred philosophically; under major probability interpretations such as the subjective theory, conditional probability is considered a primitive entity. Further, this multiplication axiom introduces a symmetry with the summation axiom for mutually exclusive events: Definition with σ-algebra. If P(B) = 0, then the simple definition of P(A|B) is undefined. However, it is possible to define a conditional probability with respect to a σ-algebra of such events (such as those arising from a continuous random variable). For example, if X and Y are non-degenerate and jointly continuous random variables with density ƒ(x, y) then, if B has positive measure, The case where B has zero measure can only be dealt with directly in the case that B = {y}, representing a single point, in which case If A has measure zero then the conditional probability is zero. An indication of why the more general case of zero measure cannot be dealt with in a
Teppuu Story. The plot revolves around Natsuo Ishido, a freshman in high school. She has a natural talent for everything she does, and as a result becomes bored with doing anything. She is often praised (and occasionally hated) for her incredible talent, but in reality she feels lonely, so she is often looking for more and more things to occupy her time. As she fails to find anything that is sufficiently challenging, her loneliness and boredom reach a bottomed-out state. One day, after a volleyball practice, she meets Yuzuko Mawatori advertising for the mixed martial arts club, and although at the time she is uninterested, the idea stays with her for the rest of the day. She learns that Yuzuko and one other girl are the sole members of the club, and as such isn't an official club yet, so she decides to investigate. She meets the two members and challenges Yuzuko to a spar, in which the two of them exchange glancing blows. When Sanae Sawamura, the captain of the karate team, shows up, Natsuo decides to leave. After she has left, she realises her nose and lip are bleeding, and she resolves that she hates Yuzuko, and later returns to challenge her to another spar. She loses the spar, but gains a solid interest in MMA to the point where she quits the volleyball team.  
Global Village Telecom Global Village Telecom (GVT) is a Brazilian telecomunications company that offers advanced services on fixed phone, broadband for both consumer and business and voice over IP. GVT has been on the market since 2000, offering services with a promise of quality and value to the consumer. Present in 17 states and Distrito Federal. Following a plan of constant expansion since February 2007 when it opened capital on the São Paulo stock exchange, showing the biggest increase in the telecommunications sector in income, margin and subscriptions. Entered Belo Horizonte market in 2007, and now entering in Contagem and Betim (MG), Salvador (BA) in 2008 and Vitória, Vila Velha, Serra (ES), Recife (PE) in 2009. With a total of 127 cities served. Are parts of the GVT group the ISP POP and the Voice over IP exclusive provider, Vono. The French company Vivendi bought a 58% stake in the company in 2009, and raised its participation to 99.17% the following year. GVT shareholders were advised by Fabrizio Cerina of Crédit des Alpes, who sourced the deal. Products and services. Básico, Na Medida, Ilimitado Local and Ilimitado Total: Plans for voice where a monthly fee applies. There are also alternatives ranging from each call in the area where the service is being offered being charged (Básico) to monthly-fixed minutes and a few additional services (others). Vono is a VOIP company, that allows the consumer to have a local phone number in more than 200 cities and can be used with a special phone or through software. The advantage of the service is that calls between Vono cities are charged as local calls. The POP is a dial-up ISP that offers free Internet through its own dialer. Turbonet POWER & Mega MAXX: broadband service offering the following speeds: 5 Mbps down (750 Kbps up), 10 or 15 Mbps down (both 1 Mbps up), 25 Mbps down (2 Mbps up), 35 Mbps down (3 Mbps up), 50 Mbps down (5 Mbps up) and 150 Mbps down (15 Mbps up), using mixed network technologies (ADSL, ADSL 2+, VDSL2 and FTTH) in almost all cities covered, except for Santa Cruz do Sul, Erechim and Montenegro (Rio Grande do Sul); Paranaguá and Piraquara (Paraná); Cuiabá and Várzea Grande (Mato Grosso); Campo Grande (Mato Grosso do Sul); Porto Velho (Rondônia); Palmas and Taguatinga (Tocantins) and Rio Branco (Acre), which only have the following speeds available:
Extragalactic planet An extragalactic planet, also known as an extragalactic extrasolar planet or exgaplanet, is a planet that is outside the Milky Way. Twin Quasar related planet. A microlensing event in the Twin Quasar gravitational lensing system was observed in 1996, by R. E. Schild, in the A lobe of the lensed quasar. It is predicted that a 3-Earth mass planet in the lensing galaxy, YGKOW G1, caused the event. This was the first extragalactic planet announced. This however is not a repeatable observation, as it is a one time chance alignment. This predicted planet lies 4 billion light years away. Andromeda galaxy planets. A team of scientists has used gravitational microlensing to come up with a tentative detection of an extragalactic exoplanet in Andromeda, our nearest large galactic neighbour. The lensing pattern fits a star with a smaller companion weighing just 6 or 7 times the mass of Jupiter. This suspected planet is the first announced in the Andromeda Galaxy. HIP 13044. HIP 13044 is a star about 2000 light years away within the Milky Way galaxy which was found to have an exoplanet. However, the star is part of the Helmi stream of stars, a leftover remnant of a small galaxy that collided with and was absorbed by the Milky Way over 6 billion years ago. The star is over 6 billion years old, so although the star and its planet are now part of the Milky Way, they originally formed in another galaxy which either orbited the Milky Way or had a close pass to it. Thus the planet, HIP 13044 b, around HIP 13044 was once an extragalactic planet. The planet had almost certainly been engulfed by the star when it was in its red giant phase earlier, spending a few hundred thousand years inside the star.  
Roadkill cuisine Roadkill cuisine is preparing and eating roadkill, animals hit by vehicles and found along roads. It is a practice engaged in by a small subculture in the United States, Southern Canada, the United Kingdom and other Western countries as well as in other parts of the world. It is also a subject of humor and urban legend. Large animals including deer, moose, bear and elk are frequently struck in some parts of the United States, as well as smaller animals such as armadillos, raccoons, skunks and birds. Fresh kill is preferred and worms are a concern, so the kill is typically well cooked. Advantages of the roadkill diet, apart from its low cost, are that the animals that roadkill scavengers eat are naturally high in vitamins and proteins with lean meat and little saturated fat, and generally free of additives and drugs. Almost 1.5 million deer are hit by vehicles each year in the US. If the animal is not obviously suffering from disease, the meat is no different from that obtained by hunting. The practice of eating roadkill is legal, and even encouraged in some jurisdictions, while it is tightly controlled or restricted in other areas. Roadkill eating is considered unglamorous and mocked in pop culture, as it is often associated with stereotypes of rednecks and uncouth persons. Preparation. In England, the strong-stomached may prepare casseroles from squashed badger, hedgehog, otter, rat, rabbit or pheasant where available. Others recommend preparing fox cub or hedgehog in a fricassee. Hedgehog was traditionally eaten roast with a nettle pudding. Badger must be cooked thoroughly to avoid the risk of trichinellosis (alt. trichinosis, trichiniasis). Roadkill enthusiasts in Canada recommend roasting beaver, which should first be soaked in salted water overnight after removing all fat. Squirrel is said to be excellent when broiled on a stick over a camp fire. There are several roadkill cookbooks, typically with a tongue-in-cheek treatment but containing sensible advice, not least of which is ensuring that the flat meat is fresh and free of disease, and is adequately cooked to destroy bacteria and other contaminants. Rat should be avoided because of the risk of Weil's disease. Buck Peterson has written a number of recipe books for this food source which he considers highly underrated, including Original Road Kill Cookbook, The International Road Kill Cookbook and The Totaled Roadkill Cookbook. Roadkill Cooking for Campers by Charles Irion
Edmund McMillen Edmund McMillen (born March 2, 1980) is an American video game designer known for his flash-game visual style and his emphasis on careful level design and rewarding learning curves. Early life. McMillen has been a lifelong resident of Santa Cruz, California. He is especially fond of drawing, his favorite subjects being monsters. Edmund spent most of his childhood with his grandmother, whom he considers to be the greatest source of support in his creative endeavors. Later in his life, Edmund received a box from his grandmother that contained all of his drawings as a child. Many of these drawings can be seen by unlocking 'The Box' in one of his games, The Basement Collection Career. McMillen's initial graphic work was in independent comics. While he has largely abandoned this field in favor of video games, he has released a series of comics featuring Meat Boy, the title character in the video game Super Meat Boy, as a promotional tie-in for the game. His most well-known games are the Flash-based game Meat Boy, and its much-lauded sequel Super Meat Boy, which has been released for the Xbox 360 platform and PC. McMillen is also known for the award-winning games Gish, Aether, The Binding of Isaac and Coil. Gish won Game Tunnel's 2004 Adventure Game of the Year, as well as Indie Game of the Year. His game Coil was nominated for the Innovation Award at the 2009 Independent Games Festival. McMillen was the original character artist and animator on Braid, before those assets were replaced by the work of David Hellman. Braid went on to win the Innovation Award at the 2006 Independent Games Festival prior to its release, and several awards in 2008, including GameSpot's Best Platformer, and Best Original Downloadable Console Game, and the 12th Annual Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Awards Casual Game of the Year. His game Aether was a 2009 IndieCade finalist and received an honorable mention. Super Meat Boy. McMillen and programmer Tommy Refenes established Team Meat, an independent game production company, with the intent that they would never utilize a third-party publisher. Their first game, Super Meat Boy, was released on October 20, 2010 on the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade, and on Valve Corporation's digital distribution site Steam on November 30, 2010. A release was planned for the Nintendo Wii, but was canceled. According to Kotaku, problems arose
Andre Blackman Andre Alexandre George Blackman (born 10 November 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Plymouth Argyle. A left back, he previously played for Bristol City, AFC Wimbledon, Celtic and Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Club career. Early career. Blackman began his career as a trainee with Arsenal before moving to Tottenham Hotspur and then signing for Portsmouth at the age of 16. He also had a spell with Chelsea. Bristol City. Blackman started his professional career by signing a two year contract with Bristol City after his release by Portsmouth. He made his debut for Bristol City in the League Cup match against Brentford on 11 August 2009. On 1 October 2009, Blackman was released by Bristol City without making a league appearance. He then went on trial with Championship side Leicester City, which proved to be unsuccessful. Wimbledon. After declaring he wanted to sort his life out, Blackman signed for Conference National club AFC Wimbledon on 1 June 2010, and made his debut in their 1-0 away win against Southport on 14 August; however, after a handful of appearances, Blackman was declared surplus to requirements and was replaced by Chris Bush, and subsequently Gareth Gwillim. Blackman featured in 18 League, Cup and friendly matches scoring twice, including one against an Arsenal XI - his former club. On 12 January 2011, Blackman went on trial with Oldham Athletic, but was not signed. On 9 February 2011, it was announced that Blackman had joined an unnamed league club on trial. Celtic. In October 2011, Blackman had a trial with Scottish Premier League side Celtic, playing his first match in a year when Celtic's development squad played a bounce game against a Rangers XI. This trial resulted in Blackman signing for Celtic in November 2011. He made his debut for Celtic on 3 March, in a 1–1 draw with Aberdeen. Although not featured enough at Celtic, the club won their first title in over 4 years. At Celtic, Blackman says he thanked Neil Lennon for saving his football career after a troubled year and does admits he had to show humility and has plenty of mental strength to make a breakthrough. At the end of the season, Blackman was awarded 'Tackle of the Year' at Celtic when a video was shown of Blackman accidentally tackled the manager Lennon as he skidding toward him during a match earlier this year, crashing
Julie Kane Julie Kane (born July 20,1952, Boston) is a contemporary American poet, scholar, and editor and the Louisiana Poet Laureate for the 2011–2013 term. Although born in Massachusetts, Kane has lived in Louisiana for over three decades and writes about the region with the doubled consciousness of a non-native. Her work shows the influence of the Confessional poets; indeed, she was a student in Anne Sexton's graduate poetry seminar at Boston University at the time of Sexton's suicide. She is also associated with the New Formalist movement in contemporary poetry, although she has published free verse as well as formal verse. Her formal poems tend to bend the rules of poetic forms and employ slant rhyme. Life. Kane grew up in Massachusetts, upstate New York, and New Jersey. Her father, Edwin Julian Kane, was a radio and TV newscaster, and her mother, Nanette Spillane Kane, was a grade school teacher who published a handful of articles and short stories in journals like Redbook and The Christian Science Monitor. Kane graduated from Cornell University in 1974, where she studied with A. R. Ammons, William Matthews, and Robert Morgan. She won the Mademoiselle Magazine College Poetry Competition, which was judged by Sexton and James Merrill, and went on to study with Sexton at Boston University, where she received her M.A. in Creative Writing. From Boston, Kane moved to Exeter, New Hampshire, as the first woman named to the George Bennett Fellowship in Writing at Phillips Exeter Academy. In 1976, Kane moved to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where she began to incorporate her impressions of the unique landscape and culture of the area into her poetry. Taking a job as a technical writer in New Orleans, she became associated with poets who frequented the weekly literary readings held at the Maple Leaf Bar—including Yusef Komunyakaa, Grace Bauer, and Everette Maddox. In 1982, British poet Geoffrey Godbert's Only Poetry Press published a two-woman collection of Kane's and Ruth Adatia's poems, titled Two Into One. In 1987, Kane's first full-length poetry collection, Body and Soul, came out from Pirogue Publishing. In 1991, Greville Press published her chapbook, The Bartender Poems, and she was introduced by Harold Pinter at the Southbank Centre in London. Kane returned to graduate school at Louisiana State University in 1991. While there, she won the Academy of American Poets Prize and wrote her dissertation on the villanelle under poet Dave
Hidden Valley Kings The Hidden Valley Kings is a neighborhood-based gang in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was formed in Hidden Valley, a neighborhood located between Sugar Creek Road, Interstate 85, and North Tryon Street. The Hidden Valley Kings were formed by a former Vice Lords member who moved to Charlotte in the early 1980's. Initially, the gang was named Kings, standing for Krucial Islamic Nubian Gods. Eventually, the neighborhood gained independence as a gang and started to call themselves the Hidden Valley Kings, or HVK for short. They represented themselves with the color green and many members wore dreadlocks as a symbol of freedom. They also began organizing the neighborhood, mimicking the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, dividing it into three zones. The Hidden Valley Kings don't have too many known enemies but within the neighborhood, some members have been known to have altercations between Bloods and MS-13. On November 28, 2005, members of the Hidden Valley Kings ran into a rival drug dealer who refused to pay taxes at Eastland Mall. After a shootout in the mall's food court, the victim managed to escape. Later that night, the Kings lured the dealer into a local motel on North Tryon Street as they attempted to ambush the victim. Once again, the victim managed to escape. The Kings chased him down Tryon exchanging fire between the two vehicles. After colliding with a telephone pole, the victim took off running in a near by neighborhood. After a brief chase, the Kings eventually caught up to the victim and while cornered, killed him, shooting him point-blank with an AK-47Assault Rifle. The brutal manner in which the murder occurred, triggered the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department to begin taking action against the gang. The department put together a Special Operations Unit to take down the Hidden Valley Kings. They gathered informants and followed the Kings for almost two years gathering information on how the gang operated. On March 30, 2007, more than one hundred task force agents cracked down on the Kings. They arrested over 20 Hidden Valley King members including the leaders on multiple charges. Although the Hidden Valley Kings have managed to avoid the spotlight these days, they're still active and slowly making their return to the streets of Charlotte.  
Goin' Back Goin' Back (aka Going Back) is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King in 1966. It describes the loss of innocence that comes with adulthood along with an attempt, on the part of the singer, to recapture that youthful innocence. The song has been recorded by many different artists, including Dusty Springfield, Goldie Zelkowitz, The Byrds, Elkie Brooks, Deacon Blue, Marianne Faithfull, Bill Drummond (of The KLF), Nils Lofgren, Freddie Mercury (on a Larry Lurex single), The Move, The New Seekers, The Pretenders, Diana Ross, Richard Thompson, Phil Collins and Bon Jovi as well as by Carole King herself. Dusty Springfield's version. Although Goldie (of Goldie & The Gingerbreads) was the first artist to record the song, her version was withdrawn following disagreements with Goffin and King over the song's lyrics. Carole King then decided to record Goin' Back herself but ultimately she offered it to Dusty Springfield instead. Dusty went on to have an international hit with the song and consequently, it is her version that is considered the most well known. Dusty's version of Goin' Back was recorded on June 15, 1966 at Philips Studios, Stanhope Place, London, with musical accompaniment by Peter Knight and production by Johnny Franz. It was released as a single on July 1, 1966, reaching #10 in the UK Singles Chart but was not released as a single in America. Although Goin' Back was not included on any of Dusty Springfield's studio albums during the 1960s, it can be found on a number of her compilations, including Greatest Hits, Goin' Back: The Very Best of Dusty Springfield, Songbooks, Complete A and B-sides: 1963–1970, Live at the BBC and the UK version of Golden Hits. The Byrds' version. The Byrds' recording of Goin' Back was released as a single on October 20, 1967 and reached #89 on the Billboard Hot 100 but failed to chart in the United Kingdom. The song was also included on The Byrds' 1968 album, The Notorious Byrd Brothers. Musically, the track shares similarities with other songs on the album such as Get To You and Natural Harmony, through the use of baroque arrangements and instrumentation. The track also resembles a subtle country feel; a sound later prominent on Sweetheart of the Rodeo. The band's decision to record Goin' Back led to tensions within the group, principally due to rhythm guitarist David Crosby's lack of
Hank Green William Henry Hank Green ll (born 5 May 1980) is an American entrepreneur, musician, and vlogger. He is best known for his YouTube channel Vlogbrothers where he regularly uploads videos along with his brother, John Green. He is also the creator of the online environmental technology blog EcoGeek, and the developer of Subbable. He is involved with several other channels on YouTube, including Crash Course, SciShow, The Lizzie Bennet Diaries, The Brain Scoop, and Sexplanations. Personal life. Green was born in Birmingham, Alabama, and his family soon moved to Orlando, Florida, where he was raised. He graduated from Winter Park High School in 1998 and then earned a bachelor's degree in biochemistry from Eckerd College and a master's degree in environmental studies from the University of Montana. Green currently resides in Missoula, Montana, with his wife Katherine, their cat Cameo, and their dog Lemon. Brotherhood 2.0. From January 1 to December 31, 2007, Green and his brother John ran a video blog project titled Brotherhood 2.0. The original project ran daily for the entire year, with the premise that the brothers would cease all text-based (textual) communication for the year and instead converse by daily video blogs, made available to the public via their YouTube channel Vlogbrothers and on their website. If, for some reason, the video is over 4 minutes or late, then punishments would be set out for the offender. The initial idea for the project was John's when, during an instant messaging conversation between the two, he pointed out they had not gone past the realms of communication via phone conversations, e-mails, and instant messaging for nearly a year. Recurring themes included Nerdfighters, adding the phrase in your pants to the end of book titles, Song Wednesdays, Question Tuesdays (these normally did not take place on a Tuesday, which led to video titles such as Question Tuesday on Friday), punishments for breaking the rules, clips of Hank 'humping' various items, the DFTBA initialism ('Don't Forget To Be Awesome'), and featuring intercourse between giraffes as the thumbnail for videos. By December 31, 2007, the brothers had decided to continue vlogging even though the project had ended. In 2008, John and Hank met up with their fans, known as Nerdfighters. The first gathering was a last minute decision, but despite the short three-day notice, nearly a hundred people attended. In August, John and Hank were invited
BBC Archives The BBC Archives are collections documenting the BBC's broadcasting history, including copies of television and radio broadcasts, internal documents, photographs, online content, sheet music, commercially available music, press cuttings and historic equipment. These collections are kept as both original copies, but are now in the process of being digitised, estimated to take until approximately 2015, with some collections now being uploaded onto the BBC Archives website on BBC Online for viewers to see. The archive is one of the largest broadcast archives in the world with over 12 million items. Overview. The BBC Archives encompass numerous different archives containing different materials produced or acquired by the BBC. The earliest material dates back to 1890 and now consists of 1 million hours of playable material, in addition to documents, photographs and equipment. The archives contain 12 million items on 66 miles of shelving spread over several sites. The stock is managed using a bar code system, which help to locate material on the shelves and also track material that has been lent out. The BBC says that the budget for managing, protecting and digitising the archive accounts for only a small part of the BBC's overall spend. The BBC is engaging in an ongoing project to digitise archived programme material, converting recordings made on older analogue formats such as audio tape, videotape and film to electronic formats which are compatible with modern computer systems. Much of the audio-visual material was originally recorded on formats which are now obsolete and incompatible with modern broadcast equipment due to the fact that the machines used to reproduce many formats are no longer being manufactured. Additionally, some film and audio formats are slowly disintegrating, and digitisation also serves as a digital preservation programme. As of summer 2010 BBC Archive staff have spent approximately ten years digitising half of the media content and due to improving work practices expect to complete the other half in five years. Current estimates suggest the digitised archive would comprise approximately 52 petabytes of information, with one programme minute of video requiring 1.4 gigabytes of storage. The BBC uses the Material Exchange Format (MXF) which is an uncompressed, non-proprietary format which the BBC has been publicising to mitigate the threat of the format becoming obsolete (as digital formats can and do). The Archive digitisation a key part of the BBC's programme to engineer a fully digital and tapeless
Lotte Verbeek Lotte Verbeek (born 24 June 1982 in Venlo, Netherlands) is an award-winning Dutch actress, dancer and model. Her most famous role is Giulia Farnese in The Borgias television series created by Neil Jordan. Early life. Lotte Verbeek was educated at Gymnasium Collegium Marianum in Venlo and graduated in 2008 at the Theaterschool in Amsterdam. From 1999, Verbeek attended the Dance Academy in Arnhem and the Amsterdam Academy of Jazz/Musical Theatre and Dance, where she graduated in 2006. During her studies she worked as a dancer and model for photographer Erwin Olaf. Career. After completing high school, Verbeek started her acting career performing lead roles in Dutch movies such as Moes (2006) and LEFT (2007), in which she plays five double roles. In 2009 she won the Leopard for best actress at the Locarno International Film Festival for her role of Anne in Nothing Personal, Dutch movie directed by Urszula Antoniak. For the same part she was also the recipient of the best actress award at the International Film Festival of Marrakech 2009 and was nominated as best actress for the Golden Calf at the Netherlands Film Festival. In 2010 Verbeek received the Shooting Stars Award, the annual acting award for up-and-coming actors by European Film Promotion, at the Berlin International Film Festival. In the same year she was cast in Le Ragazze dello Swing (The Swing Girls), an award-winning Italian mini-series based on the Trio Lescano story. For her main role as Judith Leschan she received a Golden Nymph award for best actress alongside Andrea Osvart and Elise Schaap at Monte-Carlo Television Festival 2011. In 2011, she began playing Giulia Farnese in the Showtime period drama The Borgias, alongside Jeremy Irons in the role of Pope Alexander VI. Created by Neil Jordan and shot in Budapest, the series has been renewed for a third season in 2013. In 2012 Verbeek played a double role of two twins, Therese and Angelique, in the erotic thriller Suspension of Disbelief, written and directed by Mike Figgis and screened at Rome Film Festival. As stage actress, Verbeek was in the production of Maria Magdalena by Van Wayb Traub, which toured Europe in 2009. Personal life. Verbeek speaks Dutch, English, French, German and Italian. In addition to her drama and dance studies, she followed many singing lessons and workshops. Even though she can sing in the soprano vocal range, in Le Ragazze
Umberto I of Italy Umberto I or Humbert I (, ; 14 March 1844 – 29 July 1900), nicknamed the Good (in Italian il Buono), was the King of Italy from 9 January 1878 until his death. Umberto's reign saw Italy attempt colonial expansion into East Africa, successfully gaining Eritrea and Somalia despite being defeated by Abyssinia at the Battle of Adowa in 1886. In 1882, he approved the Triple Alliance with the German Empire and Austria-Hungary. He was deeply loathed in leftist circles, because of his conservatism and support of the Bava-Beccaris massacre in Milan. He was especially hated by anarchists, who attempted an assassination on him during the first year of his reign. He was killed by another anarchist, Gaetano Bresci, two years after the Bava-Bacharis massacre. Youth. The son of Victor Emmanuel II and Archduchess Adelaide of Austria, Umberto was born in Turin, which was then capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia, on 14 March 1844, his father's 24th birthday. His education was entrusted to, amongst others, Massimo Taparelli, marquis d'Azeglio and Pasquale Stanislao Mancini. From March 1858 he had a military career in the Sardinian army, beginning with the rank of captain. Umberto took part in the Italian Wars of Independence: he was present at the battle of Solferino in 1859, and in 1866 commanded the XVI Division at the Villafranca battle that followed the Italian defeat at Custoza. Because of the upheaval the Savoys caused to a number of other royal houses (all the Italian ones, and those related closely with them, such as the Bourbons of Spain and France) in 1859–60, only a minority of royal families in the 1860s were willing to establish relations with the newly founded Italian royal family. It proved difficult to find any royal bride for either of the sons of king Victor Emmanuel II. (His younger son Amedeo, Umberto's brother, married ultimately a Piedmontese subject, princess Vittoria of Cisterna.) Their conflict with the papacy did not help these matters. Not many eligible Catholic royal brides were easily available for young Umberto. At first, Umberto was to marry Archduchess Mathilde of Austria, a scion of a remote sideline of the Austrian imperial house; however, she died as the result of an accident at the age of 18. On 21 April 1868 Umberto married his first cousin, Margherita Teresa Giovanna, Princess of Savoy. Their only son was Victor Emmanuel,
Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program, commonly known as CARP, is an agrarian reform law of the Philippines passed in 1988. It is part of the long history of attempts at land reform in the Philippines. It is Republic Act No. 6657. The law was outlined by former President Corazon C. Aquino through Presidential Proclamation 131 and Executive Order 229 on June 22, 1987. The law was enacted by the 8th Congress of the Philippines and signed by Aquino on June 10, 1988. In this program, all lands exceeding seven hectares were bought by the government and sold to the landless farmers. Owners of lands were paid through installment basis for 15 years. Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Extension with Reforms. Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Extension with Reforms, known also as CALPER or CARPer, (Republic Act 9700) was an extension of CARP that was passed in 2009 and is set to expire in 2014. In December 2008, the budget for CARP has expired and there remained 1.2 million hectares of agricultural lands waiting to be acquired and distributed to farmers.  
Child pornography laws in Australia Child pornography laws in Australia prohibit all sexual depictions of children under the age of 18 (or under 16 in some states). This often includes images of people who merely appear to be under 18. For instance, magazine photographs of women with A breast cup sizes have been censored in recent years, reportedly leading to an increase in the average breast size of women in Australian magazines. Furthermore, there is a zero-tolerance policy in place, which covers purely fictional children as well as real children. The possession, production, distribution, import, export, sale, or access over the internet of child pornography is punishable by a maximum of 10 years imprisonment and/or a fine up to A$120,000 as well as sex offender register requirements. Japanese anime. In August 2007, an Australian was sentenced to pay an A$9,000 fine for attempting to import eight DVDs of Japanese anime found to contain pornographic depictions of children and 14 found to contain depictions of sexual violence. No images of real children were involved. Customs National Manager Investigations, Richard Janeczko, said that it was important to understand that even cartoons or drawings such as those depicted in anime were prohibited if they contained offensive sexual content. Cartoon depictions. Also, in December 2008, a New South Wales Supreme Court judge, Justice Michael Adams, ruled to uphold a magistrate's decision that a pornographic cartoon parodying characters on The Simpsons (Bart and Lisa) was child pornography, because follows that a fictional cartoon character, even one which departs from recognisable human forms in some significant respects, may nevertheless be the depiction of a person within the meaning of the Act. The Appellant, Alan John McEwan, was fined $3000 Aus ($3,170 US). Judge Adams explained the law was appropriate because cartoons could fuel demand for material that does involve the abuse of children, also adding A cartoon character might well constitute the depiction of such a person. A BBC reporter summarized the judge's decision: he decided that the mere fact that they were not realistic representations of human beings did not mean that they could not be considered people. This case has attracted international attention, alongside attention to more local cases, with author Neil Gaiman commenting on it: I suspect the Judge might have just granted human rights to cartoon characters. I think it's nonsensical in every way that it could possibly be nonsensical. Case
Radioactive iodine uptake test The radioactive iodine uptake test, or RAIU test, is a type of scan used in the diagnosis of thyroid problems, particularly hyperthyroidism. It is entirely different from radioactive iodine therapy (RAI therapy), which uses much higher doses to destroy cancerous cells. The RAIU test is also used as a follow up to RAI therapy to verify that no thyroid cells survived, which could potentially still be cancerous. The patient swallows radioactive iodine in the form of capsule or fluid, and its absorption by the thyroid is studied after 4–6 hours and after 24 hours with the aid of a scintillation counter. The dose is typically 0.15–0.37 MBq (4–10 μCi) of 131I sodium iodide, or 3.7–7.4 MBq (100–200 μCi) of 123I sodium iodide. The normal uptake is between 15 and 25 percent, but this may be forced down if, in the meantime, the patient has eaten foods high in iodine, such as dairy products and seafood. Low uptake suggests thyroiditis, high uptake suggests Graves' disease, and unevenness in uptake suggests the presence of a nodule. The test is inappropriate for patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding. I-123 has a shorter half life than I-131 (a half day vs. 8.1 days), so use of I-123 exposes the body to less radiation, but at the expense of less time to evaluate delayed scan images. Also, I-123 emits gamma radiation, while I-131 emits gamma and beta radiation.  
Ip Ching Ip Ching is a Grandmaster of the Chinese Martial Art Wing Chun, one of five still living Grandmasters of the Ip Man (Yip Man) family of Wing Chun Gung Fu. Biography. Ip Ching (Ip Hok Ching Chinese 葉學正 )(born in Foshan, China in 1936) is the second eldest son of Yip Man. At a young age Ip Ching started his training along with his brother Ip Chun, under his master Yip Man (also his father). However this was short lived as his father had to leave and travel to Hong Kong in search of a better life for his family. In 1962 Ip Ching and his older brother Ip Chun were reunited with their father in Hong Kong. Ip Ching resumed his training under Ip Man’s direct guidance. Yip Man taught from his home and today this is where Ip Ching resides. As well as learning Wing Chun at his father’s home Ip Ching also was an avid observer of his father teaching other students. In turn gaining valuable insight on his father’s teaching methods. In 1972 Grand Master Yip Man died. Ip Ching continued teaching whilst running a manufacturing business. In 1994 he retired from his work and decided to open his doors to full time, teaching Wing Chun across the globe.  
Isabella I of Castile Isabella I (, Old Spanish: Ysabel I; 22 April 1451 – 26 November 1504), also known as Isabella the Catholic, was queen of Castile and León (Crown of Castile). She and her husband, Ferdinand II of Aragon, brought stability to the kingdoms that became the basis for the political unification of Spain under their grandson, Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. After a struggle to claim her right to the throne, she reorganized the governmental system, brought the crime rate to the lowest it had been in years, and unburdened the kingdom of the enormous debt her brother had left behind. Her reforms and those she made with her husband had an influence that extended well beyond the borders of their united kingdoms. Isabella and Ferdinand are known for completing the Reconquista, ordering conversion or exile of their Muslim and Jewish subjects and for supporting and financing Christopher Columbus' 1492 voyage that led to the opening of the New World. Isabella was granted the title Servant of God by the Catholic Church in 1974. Life and reign. Early years. Isabella was born in Madrigal de las Altas Torres, Ávila, to John II of Castile and Isabella of Portugal on 22 April 1451. At the time of her birth, her older half-brother Henry preceded her in the line of succession. Henry was 26 at that time and married but childless. Her younger brother Alfonso was born two years later on 17 November 1453 and displaced her in the line of succession. When her father died in 1454, her half-brother ascended the throne as Henry IV. Isabella and Alfonso were left in Henry's care. She, her mother and her brother Alfonso then moved to Arévalo. These were times of turmoil for Isabella. Living conditions in their castle in Arevalo were poor, and they suffered from a shortage of money. Although her father arranged in his will for his children to be financially well taken care of, her half-brother Henry did not comply with their father's wishes, either from a desire to keep his half-siblings restricted or from ineptitude. Even though living conditions were lackluster, under the careful eye of her mother, Isabella was instructed in lessons of practical piety and in a deep reverence for religion. When the King's wife, Joan of Portugal, was about to give birth to their daughter Joanna, Isabella and Alfonso were summoned to
Kartvelian languages The Kartvelian languages () (also known as South Caucasian) are a language family native to the Caucasus and spoken primarily in Georgia, with large groups of native speakers in Russia, the United States, the European Union, Israel, and northeastern parts of Turkey. There are approximately 5.2 million speakers of Kartvelian languages worldwide. It is not known to be related to any other language family, making it one of the world's primary language families. The first literary source in a Kartvelian language (the inscription of Abba Antoni, composed in ancient Georgian script at the Georgian monastery near Bethlehem) dates back to 430 AD. Social and cultural status. Georgian is the official language of Georgia (spoken by 90% of the population) and the main language for literary and business use for all Kartvelian speakers in Georgia. It is written with an original and distinctive alphabet, and the oldest surviving literary text dates from the 5th century AD — the only Caucasian language that does possess an ancient literary tradition. The old Georgian script seems to have derived from Aramaic, with Greek influences. Mingrelian has been written with the Georgian alphabet since 1864, especially in the period from 1930 to 1938, when the Mingrelians enjoyed some cultural autonomy, and after 1989. The Laz language was written chiefly between 1927 and 1937, and now again in Turkey, with the Latin alphabet. Laz, however, is disappearing as its speakers are integrating into mainstream Turkish society. Classification. The Kartvelian language family consists of four languages: Genealogical tree. The older name South Caucasian is no longer much used, as it derives from the idea that Kartvelian is related to the Northwest Caucasian and Northeast Caucasian languages, a position which is no longer maintained. Higher-level connections. No relationship with other languages, including the two North Caucasian language families, has been demonstrated so far. A few linguists have proposed that the Kartvelian family is part of a much larger Nostratic language family, but both the concept of a Nostratic family and Georgian's relation to it are in doubt. Certain grammatical similarities with Basque, especially in the case system, have often been pointed out. However, these theories, which also tend to link the Caucasian languages with other non-Indo-European and non-Semitic languages of the Near East of ancient times, are generally considered to lack conclusive evidence. Any similarities to other linguistic phyla may be due to areal influences.
Kailasakona Falls Kailasakona - water falls - 80 km(Picnic spot.) Kailasakona is a beautiful perennial waterfall, situated in the Nagari valley of Chittoor District. This sacred waterfall is rich in minerals and possesses medicinal powers. A small temple of Shiva and Parvati is seen nearby. The waterfalls can be accessed easily from Tirupati. Photo Links http://www.panoramio.com/photo/6348432  
Ethnic groups in Rwanda The most prevalent ethnic groups in Rwanda are the Hutus (about 85% of the population), the Tutsis (14%), and the Twa (1%). Starting with the Tutsi feudal monarchy rule of the Tenth century, the Hutus were a subjugated social group. It was not until Belgian colonization that the tensions between the Hutus and Tutsis became focused on race, the Belgians propagating the myth that Tutsis were the superior ethnicity. The resulting tensions would eventually foster the slaughtering of Tutsis in the Rwandan genocide. Since then, government policy has changed to recognize one main ethnicity: Rwandan. Pre-colonial background of Rwanda. When Europeans first explored the region around the Great Lakes of Chad that has since become Rwanda, they created an interpretation of the people found in the region as three racially distinct tribes, coexisting in a complex social order: the Tutsis, Hutus, and Twa. The Tutsis, an elite minority of about 14% of the population, were tall, slim pastoralists. The Hutu majority, about 85% of the population, were stocky, strong farmers. And the Twa were a marginalized minority of 1% of the population: a tribe of pygmies, dwelling in the forests as hunters and gatherers. Although these groups were distinct and stratified in relation to one another, the boundary between Tutsi and Hutu was somewhat open to social mobility. The Tutsi elite were defined by their exclusive ownership of land and cattle. Hutus, however, though disenfranchised socially and politically, could shed Hutuness, or kwihutura, by accumulating wealth, and thereby rising through the social hierarchy to the status of Tutsi. A contrasting picture of human cultural diversity was recorded in the early Rwandan oral histories, ritual texts, and biographies, in which the terms Tutsi, Hutu, and Twa were quite rarely used and had meanings different from those conceived by the Europeans. In those, the term Tutsi was equivalent to the phrase wealthy noble; Hutu meant farmer; and Twa was used to refer to people skilled in hunting, use of fire, pottery-making, guarding, etc. In contrast to the European conception, rural farmers are often described as wealthy and well-connected. Kings sometimes looked down on them but still formed marriage bonds with them and are frequently described as conferring titles, land, herds, armies, servitors, and ritual functions on them. Origin myths. Elites in pre-colonial Rwanda propagated an origin myth of the three groups to justify the hierarchical relationship of
Toby Regbo Toby Regbo (born 18 October 1991) is an English actor who has appeared in film, television and theatre. Early life. He was born Toby Finn Regbo in London, England. His father's family is of Norwegian origin. Regbo is a made-up name chosen by an ancestor to replace the common Norwegian name of Hanson, and Toby is related to all of the twenty or so Regbos that there are in the world, as of 2011. His maternal grandparents were an Italian cruise ship captain and an Australian ballerina, but his mother was born and brought up in London. He attended Latymer Upper School in West London. His interest in acting started with plays at school; later on, he attended Young Blood Theatre Company. Career. Regbo started his acting career with a small role in 2006 ITV television film Sharpe's Challenge. In 2007, he played American teen spy Chad Turner in an episode of CBBC children's spy-fi adventure series M.I. High. In 2009, he played Michael Walton in Stephen Poliakoff's period drama Glorious 39. His biggest role to date was in a science fiction drama Mr. Nobody, premiered in 2009. He played eponymous character Nemo Nobody (in his teenage years). He played young Albus Dumbledore in the film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1. He made his stage début as Eliot in Tusk Tusk, a 2009 play by Polly Stenham, at the Royal Court Theatre in London. Regbo played James Sveck in the film version of Peter Cameron's novel Someday This Pain Will Be Useful To You, shot in the summer 2010 in New York. Critical reception. Mr. Nobody. Film critic Eric Lavallée listed Regbo as one of his Top 10 New Faces & Voices of 2009 Toronto International Film Festival. He notes that newbie Toby Regbo might easily be Mr.Nobody's most alive character. Playing Nemo at age 16, the actor is mostly paired with Juno Temple - their unique love story is the film's heart pumping portions and plays a lot better than the artery clogging other brushes of romance. Varietys Boyd van Hoeij praises Regbo and Temple as well, saying Regbo, as the teenage Nemo, and Juno Temple, as the teenage Anna, are impressive, bringing the hormonal battles of adolescence vividly to life. Tusk Tusk. His portrayal of Eliot in Tusk Tusk received praise from a broad spectrum of theatre critics. Michael Billington from
Arsenal F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry The Arsenal F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry is a notable rivalry in English football as both clubs are recognised as having great history and traditions. Although the two clubs have frequently been in the same division as each other since 1919, the rivalry has largely arisen since around 1990. Many of the clashes in recent times between the two teams in the late 1990s and early 2000s have been due to the teams being fierce rivals for the Premier League and FA Cup. There is also enmity between English football's longest serving managers, Arsenal's Arsène Wenger and United's Sir Alex Ferguson, and their former club captains Patrick Vieira and Roy Keane. The rivalry has been noted for on-field trouble, particularly the contests in 1990, cumulating in 2003 and 2004. In recent years with Manchester United being less competitive, the rivalry has dimished somewhat, according to former Arsenal player Lee Dixon, while Manchester United has also stated that the two teams have cooled from those heated exchanges. Origins. A particularly memorable match between the two sides came on 1 February 1958, when they met in a league fixture at Highbury – the last league game that United played before the Munich air disaster five days later, which claimed the lives of eight of their players and saw two other players injured to such an extent that they never played again. United won the game 5–4, with goals from Tommy Taylor (twice), Duncan Edwards, Bobby Charlton and Dennis Viollet. Five of the United players who would lose their lives as a result of crash took to the field in the game – captain and full-back Roger Byrne, right-half Eddie Colman, centre-half Mark Jones, left-half Duncan Edwards and centre-forward Tommy Taylor. Although the two clubs had previously contested many important matches, such as the 1979 FA Cup Final, the rivalry is generally perceived to have begun with a notorious match at Old Trafford on 20 October 1990, which resulted in both clubs being docked points in the 1990–91 First Division. Alex Ferguson has stated that he believes that the rivalry predates this by a few years, however, to a match in January 1987 when David Rocastle was sent off for retaliating against a foul by Norman Whiteside. Another high profile clash came more than 20 years later, in the final of the FA Cup on 12 May 1979.
Seiðr Seiðr (sometimes anglicized as seidhr, seidh, seidr, seithr or seith) is an Old Norse term for a type of sorcery which was practised in Norse society during the Late Scandinavian Iron Age. Connected with Norse religion, its origins are largely unknown, although it gradually eroded following the Christianization of Scandinavia. Accounts of seiðr later made it into sagas and other literary sources, while further evidence has been unearthed by archaeologists. Various scholars have debated the nature of seiðr, some arguing that it was shamanic in context, involving visionary journeys by its practitioners. Seiðr practitioners were of both genders, although females are more widely attested, with such sorceresses being variously known as vǫlur, seiðkonur and vísendakona. There were also accounts of male practitioners, known as seiðmenn, but in practising magic they brought a social taboo, known as ergi, on to themselves, and were sometimes persecuted as a result. In many cases these magical practitioners would have had assistants to aid them in their rituals. Within pre-Christian Norse mythology, seiðr was associated with both the god Oðinn, a deity who was simultaneously responsible for war, poetry and sorcery, as well as the goddess Freyja, a member of the Vanir who was believed to have taught the practice to the Æsir. In the 20th century, adherents of various modern pagan new religious movements adopted forms of magico-religious practice that they have referred to as seiðr. The practices of these contemporary seiðr-workers have since been investigated by various academic researchers operating in the field of pagan studies. Terminology and etymology. The etymology of seiðr is unclear, but related words in Old High German (see German Saite, used both in string instruments and in bows) and Old English are related to cord, string, or snare, cord, halter and there is a line in verse 15 of the skaldic poem Ragnarsdrápa that uses seiðr in that sense. However, it is not clear how this derivation relates to the practice of seiðr. It has been suggested that the use of a cord in attraction may be related to seiðr, where attraction is one element of the practice of seiðr magic described in Norse literature and with witchcraft in Scandinavian folklore. However, if seiðr involved spinning charms, that would explain the distaff, a tool used in spinning flax or sometimes wool, that appears to be associated with seiðr practice. Old English terms cognate with seiðr are
Tin-Tin Kyrano Tin-Tin Kyrano is a character in the mid-1960s British television show Thunderbirds. In the original TV series and its original movie adaptations, Tin-Tin, like the other characters, is portrayed using a marionette, and Christine Finn provided her voice. Tin-Tin is the daughter of Kyrano, an old friend of Jeff Tracy and joins the International Rescue team shortly after they begin operating. Ironically, Tin-Tin becomes involved in their first rescue mission when she is onboard Fireflash which due to sabotage by her half uncle The Hood has to be rescued by International Rescue. Tin-Tin has a variety of roles on Tracy Island from playing secretary to Jeff (Terror In New York City), laboratory and engineering assistant to Brains (City Of Fire, Danger At Ocean Deep) and sometimes accompanies International Rescue on their missions, most notably the rescue of the Sun probe spaceship (Sun Probe). She is also known to accompany Lady Penelope on espionage missions (The Cham Cham). Broadcasts of fictional programs in Japan typically include subtitles introducing the names of characters when they first appear on screen. The actor's names are listed underneath, when live characters are involved. Tin-Tin, however, is introduced as Min-Min. This is because there is no character in Japanese for ti, and chi is usually substituted instead. However, chin-chin is a Japanese colloquialism for the male phallus, which is a wholly inappropriate name for a teenage girl. Tin-Tin is romantically involved with Alan Tracy, though her feelings for Alan were clouded when an old flame Eddie Houseman came to visit (End Of The Road). In the 2004 live action film Thunderbirds which was loosely based on the TV series, she is played by Vanessa Hudgens, although the character of Tin-Tin is much younger and is no longer Malaysian but depicted as being from India. In the film, she also has a mother, Onaha. Also she is shown to have the same kind of powers as her uncle, the Hood. She also (later in the film) is shown to suffer the same weakening side-effect.  
Earth Quest Adventures Earth Quest Adventures is a resort located in New Caney, Texas, approximately north of Houston that is scheduled to open to the public in 2014 or 2015. Contour Entertainment is the resort's master planner and lead designer. The planned resort will include a theme park as well as a water park, hotel, conference center, retail and office developments. The size of the theme park is reported to be on opening. The first phase was planned to begin in 2008. The creator and founder of the park describes it as a $500 million project with about 50 rides, including being inside a volcano, an ice cave, as well as coasters, and technologies that haven’t been used before. On November 17, 2010, Earth Quest was redesigned to cut the cost from $500 million to $300 million and to add construction phases. These changes are being made to secure and satisfy the project's investors. According to the official Contour Entertainment (The project's masterplanner and lead designer) website,the first phase of the project is to premiere in late 2012 or early 2013.  
No homo The phrases no homo and pause are slang terms. They parenthetically assert that the speaker of such does not have any homosexual intent and are usually used after an utterance that may have given that impression. History. The term no homo originated in East Harlem slang of the early 1990s. It was used by many to distance themselves from the stereotype of closeted gay and bisexual men. Criticism. Several social commentators have criticized the use of both no homo and pause in hip hop and in the mainstream. It has been said that the phrases uphold an unhealthy relationship with homosexuality, a relationship based in fear. Fox News commentator Marc Lamont Hill encouraged the hip-hop community to stop using no homo in its music. At the same time, Slate columnist Jonah Weiner suggested the use of the phrase is somewhat more complex. Weiner notes several hip hop artistssuch as Cam'ron and Lil Waynecultivate an extravagant and camp public persona while embracing homophobia, thus saying no homo can help expand established concepts of masculinity, and challenge the status quo. Nick Catucci, writing for New York magazine, disagrees with this assessment. In his view, no homo is merely another form of gay bashing, and to a large extent is used simply because it just sounds good, and is easily applicable in rhymes. A rapper like Cam'ron, Catucci argues, will use the phrase and dress in pink simply to show that he is man enough to get away with it, without being suspected of being gay.  
Leila Pahlavi Princess Leila Pahlavi , (27 March 1970 – 10 June 2001), born in Tehran, Iran was the youngest daughter of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran, and his third wife, Farah Pahlavi. Early life. Leila was born on 27 March 1970 in Tehran. She was the fourth child of the Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and the Empress Farah Pahlavi. In exile. She was nine years old when her family was forced into exile as a result of the Iranian Revolution. Following her father's death in Egypt from non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 1980, the family settled in the United States. She graduated from Rye Country Day School in 1988 and went on to attend a state school in Massachusetts before going on to study at Brown University, graduating in 1992. Pahlavi never married and spent most of her time commuting between her home in Greenwich, Connecticut, and Paris where her mother lives. A onetime model for the designer Valentino, she suffered from anorexia nervosa, chronic low self-esteem, severe depression and chronic fatigue syndrome. She spent much of her time being treated in clinics in the United States and Britain. The princess is reported to have spent much of her last year staying at the Leonard Hotel in London paying £450 a night for her favourite suite. The hotel's manager, Angela Stoppani, is quoted in The Daily Telegraph as saying the princess went to the hotel to chill out. Death. On Sunday 10 June 2001, Leila was found dead in her room in the Leonard Hotel just before 1930 BST by her doctor. She was found to have more than five times the lethal dose of Seconal, a barbiturate, which is used to treat insomnia, in her system, along with a nonlethal amount of cocaine. She was found in bed, her body emaciated by years of anorexia, bulimia and food intolerances. According to a report on her death, which included information from an autopsy conducted by the Westminster Coroner's Court, she stole the Seconal from her doctor's desk during an appointment and was addicted to the drug, typically taking 40 pills at once, rather than the prescribed two. On 17 June 2001, she was buried near her maternal grandmother, Farideh Ghotbi Diba, in the Cimetière de Passy, Paris, France. At the funeral was her mother, the former queen Farah, as well as members of the former French royal family and
Easy Rock Network Easy Rock is a radio network in the Philippines owned by Cebu Broadcasting Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of Manila Broadcasting Company) due to radio ownership guidelines in the Philippines. Its main studios are located in Star City Complex, Pasay City, Metro Manila, with nine regional stations located throughout the Philippines. The main format of the Easy Rock network of stations is lite rock music. History. The Easy Rock Network was formed on May 18, 2009. The formation of the Easy Rock Network started with an initial rebrand of the newly acquired DWRK radio station, which MBC bought from the ACWS-United Broadcasting network on October 6, 2008. The Easy Rock network was later expanded by rebranding a number of former Yes FM stations, Love Radio and Hot FM stations to Easy Rock. The format of Easy Rock resembles of the WRock Format. Easy Rock stations. Easy Rock is also broadcast to 9 provincial stations in the Philippines  
Demographics of Berlin As of March 2010, the city-state of Berlin had a population of 3,440,441 registered inhabitants in an area of . The city's population density was 3,848 inhabitants per km² (9,966/sq mi). The urban area of Berlin stretches beyond the city limits and comprises about 3.7 million people, while the metropolitan area of the Berlin-Brandenburg region is home to about 4.3 million in an area of . In 2004, The Larger Urban Zone was home to over 4.9 million people in an area of 17,385 km². Overview. National and international migration into the city has a long history. In 1685, following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in France, the city responded with the Edict of Potsdam, which guaranteed religious freedom and tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years. The Greater Berlin Act in 1920 incorporated many suburbs and surrounding cities of Berlin. It formed most of the territory that comprises modern Berlin. The act increased the area of Berlin from to and the population from 1.9 million to 4 million. Active immigration and asylum politics in West Berlin triggered waves of immigration in the 1960s and 1970s. Currently, Berlin is home to about 250,000 Turks (especially in Kreuzberg, Neukölln and Wedding, a locality in the borough of Mitte), making it the largest Turkish community outside of Turkey. In the 1990s the Aussiedlergesetze enabled immigration to Germany of some residents from the former Soviet Union. Today ethnic Germans from countries of the former Soviet Union make up the largest portion of the Russian-speaking community. The current decade experiences an increasing influx from various Western countries. Especially young EU-Europeans are settling in the city. Additionally, Berlin has seen a rise of African immigrants during the last two decades. In December 2010, 457,806 residents (13.5% of the population) were of foreign nationality, originating from 190 different countries. Statistics. As of 2010, there were approx. 900,000 (approx. 27%) persons with a migrant background resident in Berlin. However, there are significant differences in the distribution of minorities. For instance, in the West-Berlin areas of Wedding, Neukölln and Berlin-Gesundbrunnen, foreign nationals and German nationals with a migrant background make up nearly 70% of the population, whereas areas and localities in former East Berlin have much lower percentages. The immigrant community is quite diverse, however, Middle Easterners (e.g. Turks, Arabs etc.), Eastern Europeans and smaller numbers of East Asians, Sub-Saharan
Trevor Ferrell Trevor Ferrell (b. c. 1972) is an advocate for homeless people. He started Trevor’s Campaign for the Homeless in 1983, when he was 11 years old. On December 8, 1983, he watched a news program on street people. This prompted him to ask his parents, Frank and Janet Ferrell, how he could help. They drove their son into Philadelphia that night to give bedding to a homeless man who was sleeping on the sidewalk in front of the Union League in Center City. He later established a shelter called Trevor's Place with the help of his parents. A book titled Trevor's Place was written by his father and published in 1985. He was honored for his efforts by President Ronald Reagan in his 1986 State of the Union address. A TV movie titled Christmas on Division Street aired in 1991 with Fred Savage as Trevor. A 1994 episode of the series titled Brotherly Love: The Trevor Ferrell Story was made about his efforts. When he was 18, he and his family left Trevor’s Campaign. He currently runs a thrift shop on Lancaster Avenue. In 1985, Ferrell received the Samuel S. Beard Award for Greatest Public Service by an Individual 35 Years or Under, an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards.  
Mark Hentemann Mark Hentemann is an American animation writer. He is currently the executive producer and showrunner of the animated series Family Guy, where he started as a writer in its first season. In addition, Hentemann has also provided voices for many minor characters on Family Guy, including the Phony Guy and Opie. Hentemann has also written for the Late Show with David Letterman. Career. Hentemann grew up in Cleveland, Ohio, and began his career as a greeting card writer and illustrator for American Greetings. His cards caught the interest of David Letterman and allowed him his first job in television writing for The Late Show. Mark Hentemann joined Family Guy in its first season as a writer, and is currently executive producer and showrunner, along with fellow writer Steve Callaghan. He has written, produced and provided voice acting on several half-hours, including 3 South, which he created for MTV. Personal life. Mark Hentemann now lives in Los Angeles with his wife, Lynne, and they have three children. Hentemann attended Cleveland Saint Ignatius High School and Miami University.  
Electromeric effect This effect is shown by those compounds containing multiple bonds. When a double bond or triple bond is exposed to an attack by a reagent, a pair of bonding electrons involved in the pi bond is transferred completely fron one atom to another. This effect will remain till the attacking reagent is present. As soonas the reagent is removed, the polarized molecule will come back to the original state. Electromeric effect refers to a molecular polarizability effect occurring by an intramolecular electron displacement (sometimes called the ‘conjugative mechanism’ and, previously, the ‘tautomeric mechanism’) characterized by the substitution of one electron pair for another within the same atomic octet of electrons. However, this term is now considered and this effect is considered along with the inductive effect. +E and -E groups. Electromeric effect can be classified into +E and -E effects based on the direction of transfer of the electron pair. When the electron pair moves towards the attacking reagent, it is termed as the +E effect. The addition of acids to alkenes is an example of the +E effect. After the transfer takes place, the reagent gets attached to the atom where the electrons have been transferred to. The -E effect can be found in reactions such as addition of cyanide ion to carbonyl compounds. In these reactions, the electron pair moves away from the attacking reagent. >C=O. As another example, consider the carbonyl group, >C=O, present in electromeric effect aldehydes and ketones. When a negatively charged reagent approaches the molecule seeking positive site, it causes instantaneous shift of the bond electron pair of the C=O bond in carbonyl group to oxygen (which is more electronegative than carbon). The carbon thus becomes deprived of its share in this transferred-pair of electrons and acquires positive charge. In the meanwhile oxygen takes complete control of the electron pair and becomes negatively charged. Therefore, in the presence of attacking reagent, one bond is lost and this negatively charged attacking reagent links to the carbon having positive charge. It is temporary in nature because the molecule acquires its original electronic condition upon removal of the attacking reagent. Conclusion. This phenomenon of movement of electrons from one atom to another at the demand of attacking reagent in multibonded atoms is called electromeric effect, denoted as E effect. The electromeric shift of electrons takes place only at the moment of reaction. Like the
Weather pains Weather pains or weather related pain classified as Other specified adverse effects not elsewhere classified, is a phenomenon that occurs when people feel pain, particularly joint pain or migraine headaches correlating with changes in barometric pressure and other weather phenomena. Overview. The majority of people who suffer from conditions such as arthritis report feeling severe or less commonly moderate pain when a weather front is approaching. Symptoms also occur when the humidity level changes and when precipitation manifests itself or changes pattern. Other conditions reported in relation to this are any bone injuries, osteoporosis, fibromyalgia, and carpal tunnel syndrome. Victims of explosives also suffer from similar pains due to micro-fractures along their skeletal system. History. The perceived relationship between changes in weather and pain has been recorded since the classical Roman age. Hippocrates was the first to note, in about 400 B.C., that many illnesses were related to changes in season. The large body of folklore about how weather affects pain is reflected by traditional sayings and expressions, such as aches and pain, coming rains, feeling under the weather, and ill health due to evil winds. Case Reports. The first publication of documented changes in pain perception associated with the weather was in the American Journal of Medical Sciences in 1887. This case report described a person with phantom limb pain who concluded that approaching storms, dropping barometric pressure and rain were associated with increased pain complaint. Most investigations examining the relationship between weather and pain have studied persons diagnosed with arthritis. After reviewing many case reports, Rentshler reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 1929 that there was strong evidence that warm weather is beneficial and barometric pressure changes are detrimental to patients with arthritis. Surveys and Experimental Studies. Guedj and Weinberger attempted to correlate pain and activity levels with changes in weather by diagnosis. They instructed 16 patients with rheumatoid arthritis, 24 with osteoarthritis, 11 with inflammatory arthritis, and 11 with fibromyalgia joint pain to monitor their pain and activity every day for four weeks. They found that patients whose pain was attributable to rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, or fibromyalgia were all adversely affected by changes in barometric pressure. Few well-designed experimental studies have examined the effects of weather changes on pain. Humidity has been found to have an affect on the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis. Hollander attempted to manipulate barometric pressure and
Arturo Guzmán Decena Arturo Guzmán Decena (a.k.a. Z-1) (13 January 1976 − 21 November 2002) was a Mexican Army Special Forces soldier who, in 1997, defected to the Gulf Cartel, where he founded and commanded Los Zetas, the mercenary gang at the service of the cartel's drug lord, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén. Guzmán Decena was born in a poor family in Puebla and joined the military as a teenager to escape from poverty. While in the military, he was a talented and bright soldier, earning a position in the Special Forces of the Mexican military by the mid-1990s. During his military career, Guzmán Decena received counter-insurgency training, acquired skills in explosives, and learned how to track down and apprehend his enemies from an elite combat group trained by the U.S. Special Forces and the Israel Defense Forces. He began to take bribes from the Gulf Cartel while still serving in the military, but eventually defected to work full-time for the criminal organization in 1997. For years he recruited other members of the Mexican Armed Forces to form Los Zetas, the armed wing of the Gulf Cartel, along with Cárdenas Guillén. He served as the right-hand man of Cárdenas Guillén until 21 November 2002, when he was gunned down and killed by the Mexican Army in the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas. Biography. Career and military defection. Guzmán Decena was born in a poor village in Puebla, Mexico on 13 January 1976, and finished middle school and high school before joining the Mexican military to escape poverty. His talents and aggressive behavior earned him a position with an elite Mexican military group called Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales (GAFE), originally trained in counter-insurgency tactics for the Zapatista uprising in 1994 and for locating and apprehending members of Mexico's drug trafficking organizations. Guzmán Decena reportedly received military training from the Israel Defense Forces. His training came into practice after more than 3,000 Zapatista rebels seized several towns across the southern state of Chiapas in 1994. The rebellion was a symbolic rising against poverty and the single-party rule of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), and many rebels took arms; the Mexican government, however, sent in the GAFE to put down the Zapatistas. Within hours, 34 rebels were killed and three others were captured by Guzmán Decena's counter-insurgency group. Their bodies were then disposed on a riverbank – with their ears and noses sliced
Craig Glenday Craig Glenday (born 31 May 1973) is the editor-in-chief of the Guinness World Records. Glenday's interest in Guinness World Records began in 1983, when he was ten, and received the book as a present. Career. Prior to working at Guinness World Records, Glenday had previously been a church organist, a theatre-pit drummer and a food critic, as well as a medical photographer.  
Andreu Fontàs Andreu Fontàs i Prat (; born 14 November 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo mainly as a central defender. Club career. Early years. Born in Banyoles, Girona, Catalonia, Fontàs was a product of FC Barcelona's youth system, having previously played for amateurs CD Banyoles for 11 years. Originally a defensive midfielder, he was reconverted into central defender by the B-team's coach Luis Enrique, a former Barcelona player. Barcelona. Fontàs made his first team debut on 31 August 2009, replacing another La Masia graduate, Gerard Piqué, in the final six minutes of a 3–0 La Liga home win against Sporting de Gijón. Earlier into the 2009–10 season he was called by manager Pep Guardiola to the Spanish Supercup and UEFA Super Cup games, respectively against Athletic Bilbao and FC Shakhtar Donetsk, but finally did not make the bench on either occasion. Fontàs spent the vast majority of his first senior seasons registered with the reserves. On 20 November 2010, Fontàs started for the first time in the league with the first team, assisting Pedro Rodríguez with a 50-meter pass for the fourth goal, as Barcelona trounced UD Almería 8–0 away. On 7 December he made his UEFA Champions League debut, against FC Rubin Kazan: as the Catalans had already progressed to the knock-out stages as group winners, he scored in the 2–0 home win, converting a pass from fellow youth graduate Thiago Alcântara. On 16 March 2011, Fontàs was promoted to the senior team on a permanent basis after Éric Abidal was diagnosed with a tumour in his liver, thus becoming unavailable for the rest of the campaign. He appeared in three consecutive games in May for the eventual champions, always as a left back. On the 15th, as a starter, he returned to his natural position, in a 0–0 home draw against Deportivo de La Coruña. Fontàs remained a backup in 2011–12. On 12 January 2012, in a game at CA Osasuna for the season's Copa del Rey, he suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury in the 10th minute of the game, being sidelined for several months. On 15 October 2012 Fontàs was loaned to RCD Mallorca until the end of the season, as backup to João Victor who suffered a severe knee injury. He was almost exclusively used as a defensive midfielder during his spell in the Balearic Islands, with
1964 PRL symmetry breaking papers In 1964 three teams proposed related but different approaches to explain how mass could arise in local gauge theories. These three, now famous, papers were written by Robert Brout and François Englert, Peter Higgs, and Gerald Guralnik, C. Richard Hagen, and Tom Kibble, and are credited with the theory of the Higgs mechanism and the prediction of the Higgs field and Higgs boson. Together, these provide a theoretical means by which Goldstone's theorem (a problematic limitation affecting early modern particle physics theories) can be avoided. They show how gauge bosons can acquire non-zero masses as a result of spontaneous symmetry breaking within gauge invariant models of the universe. As such, these form the key element of the electroweak theory that forms part of the Standard Model of particle physics, and of many models, such as the Grand Unified Theory, that go beyond it. The papers that introduce this mechanism were published in Physical Review Letters (PRL) and were each recognized as milestone papers by PRL's 50th anniversary celebration. Additionally, all of the six physicists were awarded the 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics for this work. On 4 July 2012, the two main experiments at the LHC (ATLAS and CMS) both reported independently the confirmed existence of a previously unknown particle with a mass of about (about 133 proton masses, on the order of 10−25 kg), which is consistent with the Higgs boson and widely believed to be the Higgs boson. Introduction. A gauge theory of elementary particles is a very attractive potential framework for constructing the ultimate theory. Such a theory has the very desirable property of being potentially renormalizable—shorthand for saying that all calculational infinities encountered can be consistently absorbed into a few parameters of the theory. However, as soon as one gives mass to the gauge fields, renormalizability is lost, and the theory rendered useless. Spontaneous symmetry breaking is a promising mechanism, which could be used to give mass to the vector gauge particles. A significant difficulty which one encounters, however, is Goldstone's theorem, which states that in any quantum field theory which has a spontaneously broken symmetry there must occur a zero-mass particle. So the problem arises—how can one break a symmetry and at the same time not introduce unwanted zero-mass particles. The resolution of this dilemma lies in the observation that in the case of gauge
Balancing rock A balancing rock, also called balanced rock or precarious boulder, is a naturally occurring geological formation featuring a large rock or boulder, sometimes of substantial size, resting on other rocks, bedrock or on glacial till. Some formations known by this name only appear to be balancing but are in fact firmly connected to a base rock by a pedestal or stem. There is no single scientific definition of the term, and it has been applied to a variety of rock features that fall into one of four general categories: Famous balancing rocks. Africa. Zimbabwe Asia and Australia. Australia North America. Canada United States  
Heroes of Woodstock Tour The Heroes of Woodstock Tour was a North American concert tour celebrating the 40th anniversary of the 1969 Woodstock Festival. The tour featured several bands, most of which performed at the original Woodstock festival or feature members that performed at the festival. The musicians featured differed slightly from venue to venue but most of the concerts featured Jefferson Starship, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Canned Heat, Ten Years After and Tom Constanten. Some dates featured Melanie, Edgar Winter, John Sebastian, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Mountain and the Levon Helm Band. Country Joe McDonald hosted all of the concerts, playing a couple of songs in between the different sets. Soundboard Downloads. With every ticket to a Heroes of Woodstock performance the ticket holder received a free soundboard download of the concert they attended in .mp3 format. The downloads became available one to five days after a concert ended and were be available for free for three days. In order to access the download a person had to enter a code given away at the concert they attended. After three days of access the files were no longer available for free download but .flac files were still available for purchase. Tour dates. August 1, 2009 - Soaring Eagle Casino, Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Performers:Jefferson Starship, John Sebastian, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 2, 2009 - Fraze Pavilion, Kettering, Ohio. Performers: Jefferson Starship, John Sebastian, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 9, 2009 - The Barnyard, Livermore, Maine. Performers: Jefferson Starship, Ten Years After, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 12, 2009 - Nokia Theatre, New York, New York. Performers: Jefferson Starship, Ten Years After, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 13, 2009 - Westbury Music Fair, Westbury, New York. Performers: Jefferson Starship, Ten Years After, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 14, 2009 - MGM Grand @ Foxwoods, Mashantucket, Connecticut. Performers: Jefferson Starship, Ten Years After, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 15, 2009 - Bethel Woods Center for the Arts, Bethel, New York. Performers: Levon Helm Band, Mountain, Jefferson Starship, Ten Years After, Canned Heat, Big Brother and
Balanced salt solution A balanced salt solution (BSS) is a solution made to a physiological pH and salt concentration. Solutions most commonly include sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and chloride. Balanced salt solutions are used for washing tissues and cells and are usually combined with other agents to treat the tissues and cells. They provide the cells with water and inorganic ions, while maintaining a physiological pH and osmotic pressure. Sometimes glucose is added as an energy source and phenol red is used as a pH indicator. In medicine, balanced salt solutions can be used as an irrigation solution such as during intraocular surgery and to replace intraocular fluids.  
Yamaha Crux The Yamaha Crux is a 106 cc, single-cylinder four-stroke motorcycle made by India Yamaha Motor. The Crux is designed for Indian and neighboring markets. Its upgraded version is known as the Yamaha Libero G5. Unlike Libero G5, Crux has round head lights. Although it shares the same engine with Yamaha Libero, Crux is targeted towards the lowest end of the low end segment (100 cc segment) A different version of crux known as crux r was introduced with the same specifications but rectangular headlights. But after it could not make a considerable sales, the production was halted.  
Sport in Cuba Sports are Cuba's national passion. Due to historical associations with the United States, many Cubans participate in sports which are popular in North America, rather than sports traditionally promoted in other Latin American nations. Baseball is by far the most popular; other sports and pastimes include football (soccer), basketball, volleyball, and athletics. Cuba is a dominant force in amateur boxing, consistently achieving high medal tallies in major international competitions. Baseball and boxing are the most popular sports in Cuba, the former being the national sport. Association football is commonly played as well. The Cuban Sports Program. Post Revolutionary Cuba prides itself on its success in sports. What the Revolution has done for sports in Cuba can be summed up by the phrase “Sport for All.” Fidel Castro believes that sports should be “the right of the people,” not the right of the wealthy. He compared Pre-Revolutionary and Post-Revolutionary Cuba by explaining that while before only the wealthy could enjoy sports, now everyone can enjoy sports. He also explains that talent in sport comes from hard work, and a strong will. These are not traits the naturally wealthy have; rather these are traits that working-class people have. In modern Cuban society, sport and physical education begin when a child is only 45 days old. The mothers are taught to exercise their children's limbs and massage their muscles to keep them healthy. Children are taught at a later age to play games that resemble physical exercise. These ideas were the basis for the modern sports program in Cuba, and clearly it is working. Considering that Cuba’s population is only around 11 million (around half the size of New York metro area), Cuba has a demanding 7.5 to 0.70 lead against the US in the number of sports medals won per million occupants. In 1961, just two years after the triumph of the Revolution, The National Institute of Sport, Physical Education, and Recreation (INDER) was created. This was the governing branch of all sport and recreation in Cuba. It developed all of the current sports and education programs iun place today, including the EIDE, which is the program that finds the naturally talented young adults and gets them into sports oriented secondary schools. All first and secondary schools in Cuba teach sport and physical education as a compulsory subject. There are five sports taught in all standard secondary schools:
Baby Darling Doll Face Honey Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is the debut album for English alternative rock band Band of Skulls. It was released on April 7, 2009 in England and July 28, 2009 in America. The artwork is based on paintings by bass player/vocalist Emma Richardson. Baby Darling Doll Face Honey was produced, recorded and mixed by Ian Davenport, (Supergrass, Badly Drawn Boy), and recorded at Courtyard Studios in Oxfordshire and mixed at the House of Blues studio in Los Angeles. The special edition of this CD available at Best Buy includes a live version of the song I Know What I Am and an acoustic version of the song Fires. The vinyl release includes the additional track Hollywood Bowl, placed at the end of Side 1 after Patterns. The first single I Know What I Am was released as the single of the week in Canada. The album's first track Light of the Morning, was featured in a television ad for the 2011 Ford Mustang. The song I Know What I Am features in the music game  and as a downloadable track for Rock Band through the Rock Band Network, while the song Patterns features in the driving simulator Gran Turismo 5. The album debuted belatedly on the UK Indie Chart on 27 February 2010 at position 50. Reception. Critical reception to Baby Darling Doll Face Honey has been generally positive. In the UK Classic Rock gave the album a 9 out of 10 review, stating that the entire collection crackles with an urgency and authenticity that's as rare as it is desirable. The website PopMatters gave the album a 6 out of 10, stating that the album was a mish-mash of three or four styles, recalling as many different artists, with songs written by all three band members and sung by two of them. If that sentence was dizzying to read, imagining hearing the album. It’s as if every cast member of Friends got to write and direct a different scene in a single episode. It’s as if every third letter on this page were a different color. It’s just, shall we say, a bit jarring. They go on to refer to the song, Impossible as a mix of U2, Coldplay and Clap Your Hands Say Yeah.  
Neveldine/Taylor Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, known together professionally as Neveldine & Taylor or Neveldine/Taylor, are American filmmakers. Their written and directed productions are known for being dark, edgy and over the top, while maintaining a small budget. Both Neveldine and Taylor have written and directed several films together that include Crank, and its sequel, . Films. Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor made their feature film debut with Crank, a 2006 film starring Jason Statham. The duo later wrote and produced the 2008 thriller Pathology. In 2009, Neveldine and Taylor wrote and directed ', a sequel to Crank, and Gamer, a science fiction action thriller starring Gerard Butler. The duo were originally slated to direct the film adaptation of DC Comics's Jonah Hex, but stepped down due to creative differences with film distributor Warner Bros. They are still credited as screenwriters for the film. The duo directed ' (2012), the sequel to Ghost Rider. Cinematography. Neveldine and Taylor frequently serve as camera operators for their films, and are known for having their films shot entirely in high-definition video. As camera operators, the duo are known for their roller dolly technique, which involves the camera shooting the film while on rollerblades. Taylor commented on this technique while filming Crank: The Rollercam footage was really the most dramatic and technically challenging of the movie. Mark absolutely could not be tethered or restricted by any cables when blading at speeds up to 30mph... For Crank: High Voltage, the duo used consumer-grade camcorders, such as the Canon HF10 and the Canon XH-A1. Neveldine commented on the use of these cameras: We can put these cameras in places that people haven’t and we can put 10 of them in places where people haven't...And one of the things it allows us to do is we're doing this moving bullet time camera rig where we take 8 HF-10s and we put it on a light weight piece of speed rail and I can roller blade and skate around Jason Statham as he’s blasting down the street with a weapon and capture just rad images. During the filming of Crank High Voltage, Neveldine and Taylor shot over 279 hours of footage during its 31 days of production. Neveldine and Taylor's third directorial effort, Gamer was the second feature film (following Che) to be shot with special hand-held Red One digital cameras.  
Manuel Chua Manuel Chua (born October 29, 1980) is a Filipino male model and actor. He was discovered in the Filipino version of the reality game show Pinoy Fear Factor which was aired on ABS-CBN, from November 2008 to February 2009. Hailing from the far-flung land of Nueva Ecija, Chua traveled for 36 hours in an airplane to Argentina where he came face to face with snakes, was dunked into icy cold water, ate all sorts of unnamable foodstuff and became a celebrity. He was just this guy based in Nueva Ecija with a small appliance retail store and a four year-old daughter, when he was in Argentina with the rest of the contestant, all they had to focus on were the stunts, and their growing competitiveness as more people were sent home. Eventually Manuel was one of the few left, and from the fan posting at the Pinoy Fear Factor Website SuperManuel is the favorite to win. Though he did not win as the El Ultimo Participante title, he has won the hearts of the many Filipinos who watched the show. And from being the apple of the eye of his large fans, he was given acting break by the Network. Chua currently is a member of ABS CBN's elite circle of homegrown talents, Star Magic.  
Fable III Fable III is the third video game in the Fable series of action role-playing open world video games. The game was published by Microsoft Game Studios and developed by Lionhead Studios for the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The story focuses on the player character's struggle to overthrow the King of Albion by forming alliances and building support for a revolution. After a successful revolt, the player becomes the monarch and is tasked with attempting to defend Albion from a great evil. The game was released on 29 October 2010 for Xbox 360 and on 20 May 2011 for PC via both Games for Windows and Steam. The PC version includes a Hardcore mode and 3D functionality not found in the Xbox 360 version. The game includes the voice acting from Ben Kingsley, Stephen Fry, Simon Pegg, Michael Fassbender, Zoë Wanamaker, Bernard Hill, Nicholas Hoult and John Cleese. Synopsis. Plot. Fable III is set 50 years after the events of Fable II. The game is set on the fictional continent of Albion, which is entering the age of industry. The Hero of Bowerstone (the player character of Fable II) and ruler of Albion, has died and left the Kingdom to their eldest son, Logan, the player's older brother. Some NPCs allude to how Logan has changed in the last four years of his rule, becoming excessively tyrannical. The player begins the game investigating rumours that Logan had a citizen of Albion executed, causing a group of citizens to protest. After the player character intervenes, Logan presents the player with the first of the game's numerous moral choices. The player is tasked with deciding whether the group of protesters are executed, or whether the player's love-interest is executed instead. Following the decision, the player escapes Logan's castle along with their mentor, Sir Walter Beck, and their butler, Jasper. The player then, at the behest of Theresa, the enigmatic Seeress of the Spire, starts to gather allies to aid in a revolution against Logan. The allies they gain include Sabine, the leader of the Dwellers, a nomadic community that lives in the mountains; Major Swift and Ben Finn, soldiers from the Royal Army in command of a remote fort; Page, the leader of the Bowerstone Resistance; and Kalin, the leader of Aurora, a desert land across the ocean. When attempting to gain the support of Kalin, the hero learns
Sadh The Sadh is one of the few endogamous which come under Hinduism They call the God in the name Satavgat, which means the true name. Their customs and traditions are similar to Hinduism from where most of the members are recruited. Their population is mainly concentrated in Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan and Punjab. The Origin. The following paragraph is the story of the Sadh origin as per Sadh belief & their holy book. Sadh community has an entire different picture of the creation of Earth, creation of mankind and the entire natural process of everything we see and do in our life. They believe in the supreme power which is above all other Hindu deities, Sat Avgat literal meaning: sat se avgat hona; for them its the true creator. Sadh community pray to their creator Satgur Saheb. Rumors have it that this sect was started by Birbhan Sadh but the Sadh holy book Nirvaan Gyaan has mentioned that with the wish and command of Satgur Saheb the creation of Earth & mankind took place and everyone was Sadh at the beginning of time, its what the people did and believed in& karma and their own doing led to the creation of different religions and sects. Their Holy book Nirvaan Gyaan has kadas which have the entire details from the day of creation and further. The book also contains rules and regulations in the form of Bani's(Shlokas) a Sadh should follow. It also mentions ways by which a Sadh or any person could attain moksha. Faith. The monotheistic sect has 112 rules of faith centred on modesty, humility, truth, simplicity of clothing, vegetarianism and the abandonment of caste distinctions. Their beliefs are against idol worship. They believe in meditation and praying one God. Their holy book is called Nirvana Gyan. Eggs are also prohibited in the diet, according to the Satnami tradition. SATNAM is used as a greeting when two people meet,irrespective of their age. Their religious rites are centered around meditating and chanting the word, Satabgat. They believe in meditating devotedly by repeating divine names in order to stabilize the fluctuations of the consciousness, which makes one fit to receive higher intuitive knowledge of the divine. They observe no caste distinctions – judging people only be their actions (by Karma/karni).The priests are called Mauhrayats. Life style. The adults of the sect are required to wear white garments only,
Patwa The Patwa are a mainly Hindu and Jain community, who originated from North India. Traditionally they were weavers and engaged in jewellery-making business and worked with silver and golden threads. History. According to the traditions of the Patwa, they descend from a deota (a Hindu god). The Patwa have many sub-groups, the Devvanshi,Deval,Patkar, Raghuvanshi and Kanaujia Khandelwal. They principally fall under vaish (Baniya) category. However some sub-groups come in the (kayastha) category. The Patwa are an endogamous community, and follow the principle of gotra exogamy. Maheshvaris are also patwas of the baniya category. They are Hindu and Jain, and worship the goddess Bhagwati and Mahavira. Like other Hindu artisan castes, the Patwa have a traditional caste council, which settles issues of divorce, minor disputes and cases of adultery. Present Circumstances. The Patwa are involved in selling women's decorative articles like earrings, necklaces and cosmetics. They also deal in small household items, such as hand fans made of palm. The community was traditionally associated with threading of beads and binding together of silver and gold threads, while others have expanded into other businesses. They are found all over India, mainly in Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Maharastra, Uttar Pradesh, in the districts of Bareilly, Badaun, Mau,Ghazipur,balia, Lucknow, Gorakhpur, Hardoi, Jalaun, Shahjahanpur, Sitapur, Lakhimpur-kheri, Jhansi Varanasi(Benaras) and Lalitpur , In Bihar, the community is sub-divided as Patwa and Tantu Patwa.Tantu patwa is a other cast they not belong to patwa cast. The Patwas are mainly weavers and braid makers. The Tantu Patwa have three sub-groups, the Gouria, Rewar and Jurihar. The tantu patwa are found mainly in the districts of Nalanda, Gaya, Bhagalpur, Nawada and Patna districts. There main gotras include the Gorahia, Chero, Ghatwar, Chakata, Supait, Bhor, Pancohia, Dargohi, Laheda and Rankut. and the patwa are found all over Bihar The Patwa of Bihar are now mainly power loom operators, while others have expanded into other businesses. They are a fairly successful community, and many have taken to modern education. The Patwa of Bihar have a state wide caste association, the Patwa Jati Sudhar Samiti.  
Montori Hughes Montori Hughes (born August 25, 1990) is an American football nose tackle for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). Hughes played college football for the University of Tennessee at Martin. The Indianapolis Colts selected him in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft. Early years. Hughes was born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. He attended Siegel High School in Murfreesboro, where he was a three-year starter and led the Siegel Stars high school football team in tackles with 106, tackles-for-loss with 25 and sacks with 13 as a senior in 2007. He was named the Region 4-5A Defensive MVP, all-region, all-area and all-county and participated in the Toyota East-West All-Star Classic in 2007. Also starring in basketball, Hughes averaged double figures in scoring and rebounding for Siegel High School. Rated only a two-star recruit by Rivals.com, Hughes was not ranked among the best defensive tackle prospects in the nation. Scout.com, which listed Hughes as a three-star recruit, ranked him as No. 49 overall defensive tackle in the 2008 class. Jamie Newberg of Scout.com later admitted that recruiting services overlooked Hughes: Right now, to me, he may be the best prospect in the state when it's all said and done. And we just flat missed him. Hughes had scholarship offers from Jacksonville State and Tennessee State, but committed to Tennessee after head coach Phillip Fulmer offered him a scholarship. Fulmer compared Hughes to former Vols defensive tackle Justin Harrell, who transformed from a little-known recruit to a first-round pick in the 2007 NFL Draft. College career. Hughes originally signed with the University of Tennessee in January 2008, but failed to qualify academically. He spent several months at Fork Union Military Academy in Virginia, before enrolling at Tennessee in January 2009. Hughes had bulked up from 275 to 310 pounds in little over a year, and emerged as one of the Tennessee Volunteers football team's most talented defensive freshman. He was expected to play in Tennessee's 2011 season opener; however, Hughes was dismissed from the team on June 9, 2011, by head coach Derek Dooley. Hughes subsequently transferred to the University of Tennessee at Martin, and played for the UT Martin Skyhawks football team in 2011 and 2012.  
Robert Pattinson Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson (born 13 May 1986) is an English actor, model, musician and producer. Pattinson started his career by playing Cedric Diggory in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. He later landed the leading role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels by Stephenie Meyer, and came to worldwide fame, thus establishing himself among the highest paid and most bankable actors in Hollywood. In 2010, Pattinson was named one of TIME magazine's 100 Most Influential People in The World, and also in the same year Forbes ranked him as one of the most powerful celebrities in the world in the Forbes Celebrity 100. Since the Twilight series ended in 2012, Pattinson has ventured into doing small independent films. Early life. Pattinson was born in London, England. His father, Richard, imported vintage cars from America, and his mother, Clare, worked for a modelling agency. Pattinson has two elder sisters, singer Lizzy Pattinson, and Victoria Pattinson. Growing up in the Barnes suburb of London, he attended Tower House School until he was 12, and then The Harrodian School. He became involved in amateur theatre at the Barnes Theatre Company. He auditioned and was cast in a small role in Guys and Dolls. He next auditioned for Thornton Wilder's Our Town and was cast as George Gibbs. He also played in Anything Goes and Macbeth. He caught the attention of an acting agent in a production of Tess of the d'Urbervilles and began looking for professional roles. Career. Modelling. Pattinson began modelling at the age of 12, but his workload began to decrease four years later. In December 2008, he blamed the lack of modelling work on his masculine appearance: When I first started I was quite tall and looked like a girl, so I got lots of jobs, because it was during that period where the androgynous look was cool. Then, I guess, I became too much of a guy, so I never got any more jobs. I had the most unsuccessful modelling career. Pattinson appeared in the advertising campaign for Hackett's autumn 2007 collection. In June 2013, Pattinson was announced as the new face of Dior Homme fragrance and featured in the advertising campaign titled 1000 LIVES, directed by Romain Gavras and photographed by Nan Goldin. This campaign has also featured the track Whole Lotta Love by English rock band Led
Martín Silva Martín Andrés Silva Leites (born March 25, 1983) is a Uruguayan footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Paraguayan Primera Division side Club Olimpia and the Uruguay national football team. Club career. Silva has played all of his professional career in Defensor Sporting, starting in 2002. In 2010, while playing with Defensor in Argentina for the Copa Sudamericana, the goalkeeper was attacked with a rock to the head, thrown by an Independiente fan. Nonetheless, the game continued and Defensor was eliminated. In August 2011, he signed a four-year contract with the Paraguayan club Olimpia. International career. Silva has appeared on Uruguay´s youth teams such us the Uruguay national under-17 football team and the Uruguay national under-20 football team during 2000 to 2002. He won his first international cap for Uruguay in a friendly match against Algeria, on August 12, 2009. He was included in the starting line-up of players for that match. Silva was also Uruguay's third choice goalkeeper in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2011 Copa América. He played for the only second time for the national team when he started against Tahiti on 23 June 2013, when Uruguay destroyed the Tahitians 8-0 in the Confederations Cup. Honors. Club. Defensor Sporting Olimpia  
Rubens Charles Maciel Rubens Charles Maciel (b. December 24, 1979), aka Cobrinha and sometimes referred to as Rubens Cobrinha Charles, is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor. He is considered the best featherweight in the decade and to be among the best pound for pound jiu jitsu competitors in the world. Cobrinha is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Fernando Terere Augusto and a member of Alliance Jiu Jitsu. Cobrinha has won a total of six world championship titles in Brazilian jiu-jitsu as a black belt in the featherweight (or lightweight) category. He started training BJJ in 2000, received his black belt in 2005, and has since medaled in every World Jiu-Jitsu Championship in which he has competed - a total of ten. He is known for his attacking style of jiu jitsu and, in particular, for his guard. His guard was voted the best Guard of the Decade by fellow World Champions. Before opening his own school Cobrinha BJJ in Los Angeles, California, in 2011, he was an instructor at the Alliance Jiu Jitsu headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia and worked as a carpenter to make ends meet. References. Tournament Results - Official Homepage Recognition  
Anirudh Agarwal Anirudh Agarwal (born 1 December 1949) is an Indian actor known for his work in Bollywood, especially for portraying evil or demonic characters. Agarwal stands at a height of , and is well known for his appearances in horror films such as Purana Mandir, Bandh Darwaza, and Saamri as well as Zee Horror Show in the episode Taveez. Fans all over the world have created communities for him on social network places like Orkut and Facebook as a sign of token of their appreciation for his work.  
Momin Ansari The Momin Ansari () or Ansari, are a Muslim community, found mainly in West and North India, and the province of Sindh in Pakistan. A small number of Ansaris are also found in the Terai region of Nepal. The community is believed to be an offshoot of the Hindu weaver caste who converted to Islam, and are sometimes called Ansari. In North India, the community are known as Ansari, while in Maharashtra the community is known as Momin. . History and origin. The Momin Ansari (Historically known as Julaha) are a community of Muslim weavers. According to some sources, they are descended from a number of Hindu weaving castes, principally the Kori, that at some time in the past converted to Islam. The word Julaha (جولاهه) is of Persian origin meaning weaver, originating from the word jula juha, meaning a ball of thread. . It is possible that Ansari are an amalgamation of a number of different communities, being Hindu converts to Islam. The community are found throughout East and North India, but Varanasi District, in Uttar Pradesh, is always looked at by most Momin as the centre of their community. In that city, the Ansari are said to make a third of the city's population. Important Ansari neighbourhoods in the city include Madanpura, Adampura and Jaitpura. Present circumstances. The Momin of North India are mainly a landless community, but some of them are small and medium scale farmers, and have always been connected with the art of weaving. Some many members of the community have entered private or government service. Their relationship with the Sadh community of some importance, as they supply the Momins with the cotton cloth, used for printing. The Momin do not have any traditional social councils, but have an India-wide community organization, the All India Momin Conference. They are an endogamous community, only rarely marrying out of their group. There is no system of gotras, and cross and parallel cousin marriages are common. The community considers itself to be of Shaikh status, and if no suitable match is found is found within the group, marriages are acceptable within other communities in the Shaikh category. The Momin are Muslims of the Sunni sect, and are fairly orthodox, but are divided along sectarian lines between the Barelwis and Deobandis. Historically, the community produced the sage and philosopher, Kabir, and some members of the community
Japanese badger The Japanese badger (Meles anakuma) is a species of carnivoran of the family Mustelidae, the weasels and their kin. It is endemic to Japan, where it is found on Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku, and Shodoshima. It shares the genus Meles with the Asian and European badgers. Description. Japanese badgers are smaller (average length in males, in females) and less sexually dimorphic (except in the size of the canine teeth) than their European counterparts. Tail length is between . Adults usually weigh from . The torso is blunt and limbs are short. The front feet are equipped with powerful digging claws. The claws on hind feet are smaller. The upper coat has long gray-brown hair. Ventral hair is short and black. The face has characteristic black-white stripes that are not as distinct as in the European badger. The dark color is concentrated around the eyes. The skull is smaller than in the European badger. Origin. The absence of badgers from Hokkaido, and the presence of related M. leucurus in Korea, suggest that the ancestral badgers reached Japan from the southwest via Korea. Genetic studies indicate that there are substantial differences between Japanese and Asian badgers, which were formerly considered conspecific, and that the Japanese badgers are genetically more homogenous. Habits. Japanese badgers are nocturnal and hibernate during the coldest months of the year. Beginning at 2 years of age, females mate and give birth to litters of two or three cubs in the spring (March-April). They mate again shortly afterwards, but delay implantation until the following February. Japanese badgers are more solitary than European badgers; they do not aggregate into social clans, and mates do not form pair bonds. During mating season, the range of a male badger overlaps with those of 2 to 3 females. Habitats. Japanese badgers are found in a variety of woodland and forest habitats. Diet. Japanese badgers have an omnivorous diet that includes worms, beetles, berries and persimmons. Threats. Although they remain common, their range has shrunk recently. They presently range over about 29 per cent of the country, an area that has shrunk 7 per cent over the last 25 years. Increased land development and agriculture, as well as competition from introduced raccoons are threats. Hunting is legal but has declined sharply since the 1970s.  
LGA 1156 LGA 1156, also known as Socket H or H1, is an Intel desktop CPU socket. LGA stands for land grid array. Its incompatible successor is LGA 1155. LGA 1156, along with LGA 1366, were designed to replace LGA 775. Whereas LGA 775 processors connect to a northbridge using the Front Side Bus, LGA 1156 processors integrate the features traditionally located on a northbridge on the processor itself. The LGA 1156 socket allows the following connections to be made from the processor to the rest of the system: LGA 1156 socket and processors were discontinued sometime in 2012, and superseded by the LGA 1155 socket. LGA 1366 was discontinued at the same time. Supported processors. All LGA 1156 processors and motherboards made to date are interoperable, making it possible to switch between a Celeron, Pentium, Core i3 or Core i5 with integrated graphics and a Core i5 or Core i7 without graphics. However, using a chip with integrated graphics on a P55 motherboard will (in addition to likely requiring a BIOS update) not allow use of the on-board graphics processor, and likewise, using a chip without integrated graphics on a H55, H57 or Q57 motherboard will not allow use of the motherboard's graphics ports. Supported chipsets. The Desktop chipsets that support LGA 1156 are Intel's H55, H57, P55, and Q57. Server chipsets supporting the socket are Intel's 3400, 3420 and 3450.  
Dalia Mogahed Dalia Mogahed (born 1974) is an American scholar of Egyptian origin. She is President and CEO of Mogahed Consulting, a Washington, D.C. based executive coaching and consulting firm specializing in Muslim societies and the Middle East. Mogahed is former Executive Director of the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies, a non-partisan research center that provided data and analysis to reflect the views of Muslims all over the world. She was selected as an advisor by U.S. President Barack Obama on the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Early life and education. Dalia was born in Cairo, Egypt and immigrated to the United States at the age of 4. She received her undergraduate degree in chemical engineering with a minor in Arabic from the University of Wisconsin. Upon graduation, Mogahed joined Procter & Gamble as a marketing products researcher. She subsequently received her MBA from the Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business at the University of Pittsburgh. Career and influence. Dalia Mogahed chaired the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies from 2006-2012, which conducted research and statistics on Muslims throughout the world. She was selected as an advisor by U.S. President Barack Obama on the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Mogahed was invited to testify before the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations about US engagement with Muslim communities, and was a significant contributor to the Homeland Security Advisory Council's Countering Violent Extremism Working Group. She worked with Madeleine Albright and Dennis Ross on the US-Muslim Engagement Project to produce policy recommendations - many of which were adopted by the administration of President Barack Obama. Dalia Mogahed is a board member and a leader in several organizations, including the World Economic Forum's Global Agenda Council on the Arab World. She is also a nonresident senior public policy scholar at Issam Fares Institute for Public Policy and International Affairs at the American University of Beirut. Mogahed is a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader. Prior to joining Gallup, Mogahed was the founder and director of a cross-cultural consulting practice in the United States, which offered workshops, training programs, and one-to-one coaching on diversity and cultural understanding. Mogahed's clients included school districts, colleges and universities, law enforcement agencies, and community service organizations, as well as local and national media outlets. Recognition and publications. Arabian Business magazine recognized Mogahed in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 as one
Axe to Fall Axe to Fall is the seventh studio album released by American band Converge. It was released on October 20, 2009, through Epitaph Records and was released later on in the year through Deathwish Inc. as a vinyl record. It is their second most commercially successful to date, peaking at number 74 in the Billboard 200. The album was produced by guitarist Kurt Ballou, who previously produced Converge's Jane Doe (2001), You Fail Me (2004) and No Heroes (2006), and features artwork created by lead singer Jacob Bannon. Axe to Fall is a collaborative album, which features a large number of guest musicians, including members from Cave In, Neurosis and The Red Chord among others. Axe to Fall was met with generally favorable reviews. The album fell within the universal acclaim range on the aggregate review website Metacritic, based on eight reviews. It has been referred to as the band's most accessible album to date, and was compared with Converge's widely lauded Jane Doe. Writing and recording. Converge began writing Axe to Fall in November 2008. With Jacob Bannon, Kurt Ballou and Nate Newton all living within a half a mile of each other in Boston, and Ben Koller living a couple hours away in Brooklyn, Converge could easily practice and for weeks at a time. Though most songs originated from a guitar or bass riff from Ballou or Newton, all members had equal input on the writing process, with each member proposing different songs. Vocalist Bannon wrote a few songs for Axe to Fall, but were scrapped because they were slower than the rest of the songs, and did not fit the energy of the album. Following a short tour in March 2009 with Ceremony, Coliseum, Pulling Teeth, Rise and Fall, Converge entered the studio to begin recording in May 2009. During this short tour, the band debuted a few new songs live, and footage could be seen online. The album was self-produced by Converge's guitar player, Kurt Ballou, in his own GodCity Studios located in Massachusetts. Ballou has produced and co-produced several Converge albums, including 2001's Jane Doe, 2004's You Fail Me and 2006's No Heroes. He has also produced a number of independent metal and hardcore bands, including Genghis Tron's Board Up the House, Torche's Meanderthal and Disfear's Live the Storm. Ballou has a degree in aerospace engineering, and prior to devoting his time
Alastair Robinson Dr. Alastair S. Robinson (born 1980) is a British-American taxonomist and field botanist specialising in the carnivorous plant genus Nepenthes. Robinson published the first paleogeographical evidence for the radiative speciation of an enigmatic group of ultramafic Philippine and Malaysian Nepenthes from a common ancestor on the island of Borneo. In 2007, Robinson co-discovered the giant Palawan pitcher plant, Nepenthes attenboroughii, for which he authored the formal description and diagnosis. This species was the largest-pitchered Nepenthes discovered since the identification of Nepenthes rajah on Borneo in 1858. Robinson received his B.Sc. from University College London and his Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge for research into the molecular control mechanisms of spatio-temporal cell-development in plants. Specialisms include stapeliads (Apocynaceae), terrestrial orchids, ecology and conservation biology, which he has studied in southern Europe, Tanzania, Borneo and the Philippines. Works of interest include the 2009 treatment of Nepenthes and Cephalotus, Pitcher Plants of the Old World (two volumes), for which he was contributor and principal editor, the authorship of the Indochina and New Guinea sections of ' (2011), and a range of field guides published during 2012. Robinson is brother to Hollywood screen actress, Zuleikha Robinson.  
MXR Phase 90 The MXR Phase 90 is a phaser effects pedal originally designed in the 1970s by MXR. History. The Phase 90 was released in 1974. It was the first pedal sold by MXR and helped launch the company. The original came in a simple orange enclosure with MXR's script logo. In 1977 MXR changed its logo to the current block logo. There was a transitional period in which some Phase 90’s with script logos had box logo circuits, and vice versa. Production ceased when MXR went bankrupt in 1984. When Jim Dunlop bought the MXR brand, production resumed. The Dunlop production models have modern additions including an LED to indicate when the effect is engaged and the option of using a power supply instead of a battery. There are a few variants available, including the standard block logo version, a reproduction of the script logo version, and an Eddie Van Halen signature model. The 1974 Hand Wired Phase 90 is a recreation of an original 1974 pedal using NOS (New Old Stock) electronic components. Paul Gilbert has described the Phase 90 as Van Halen I tone in a box. Description. The Phase 90 has an orange enclosure. It has a simple control scheme consisting of only one knob.  
EWMA chart In statistical quality control, the EWMA chart (or exponentially-weighted moving average chart) is a type of control chart used to monitor either variables or attributes-type data using the monitored business or industrial process's entire history of output. While other control charts treat rational subgroups of samples individually, the EWMA chart tracks the exponentially-weighted moving average of all prior sample means. EWMA weights samples in geometrically decreasing order so that the most recent samples are weighted most highly while the most distant samples contribute very little. Although the normal distribution is the basis of the EWMA chart, the chart is also relatively robust in the face of non-normally distributed quality characteristics. There is, however, an adaptation of the chart that accounts for quality characteristics that are better modeled by the Poisson distribution. The chart monitors only the process mean; monitoring the process variability requires the use of some other technique. The EWMA control chart requires a knowledgeable person to select two parameters before setup: Instead of plotting rational subgroup averages directly, the EWMA chart computes successive observations zi by computing the rational subgroup average, formula_1, and then combining that new subgroup average with the running average of all preceding observations, zi - 1, using the specially–chosen weight, λ, as follows: The control limits for this chart type are formula_3 where T and S are the estimates of the long-term process mean and standard deviation established during control-chart setup and n is the number of samples in the rational subgroup. Note that the limits widen for each successive rational subgroup, approaching formula_4. The EWMA chart is sensitive to small shifts in the process mean, but does not match the ability of Shewhart-style charts (namely the formula_5 and R and formula_5 and s charts) to detect larger shifts. One author recommends superimposing the EWMA chart on top of a suitable Shewhart-style chart with widened control limits in order to detect both small and large shifts in the process mean.  
Saint-Nazaire submarine base The submarine base of Saint-Nazaire is a large fortified U-boat pen built by the Germans during the Second World War in Saint Nazaire. It is one of the five large submarine bases built by the Third Reich in Occupied France. History. Before the Second World War, Saint-Nazaire was one of the largest harbours of the Atlantic coast of France. During the Battle of France, the German Army arrived in Saint Nazaire in June 1940. The harbour was immediately used for submarine operations, with U-46 arriving as soon as 29 September 1940. In December, a mission of the Organisation Todt (Oberbauleitung Süd) inspected the harbour to study the possibilities to build a submarine base invulnerable to air bombing from England. Work soon began under the supervision of engineer Probst. The selected space was that of the docks and buildings of the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, that were rased. Building began in February 1941 with pens 6,7 and 8, completed in June 1941. From July 1941 to January 1942, pens 9 through 14 were built; and between February to June 1942, pens 1 through 5. Work was eventually completed by the building of a tower. Between late 1943 and early 1944, a fortified lock was built to protect submarines during their transfer from the Loire river and the pens. The lock is 155 metre long, 25 metre wide, and 14 metre high; the roof features anti-aircraft armament. Design. The base is 300 metre long, 130 metre wide and 18 metre high, amounting to a 39,000 m² surface on the ground, and a volume of concrete of 480,000 m³. The roof is 8 metre deep, featuring four layers: the first one is a 3.5 metre sheet of reinforced concrete; the second is a 35 cm granite and concrete layers; the third is a 1.7 metre deep layer of reinforced concrete, and the fourth, is a Fangrost layer of steel beams, 1.40 metres deep. The roof is dotted with anti-aircraft weaponry, machine guns and mortars. The base offers 14 submarine pens. Pens 1 through 8 are dry docks, 92 metre long and 11 metre wide; pens 9 through 14 are simple docks, 62 metre long and 17 metre wide, each holding two submarines. Between pens 5 and 6, and 12 and 13, are two areas giving access to the upper levels of the base. The base was equipped with 62 workshops,
Ohio State–Penn State football rivalry The Ohio State–Penn State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry game played annually by the Buckeyes of Ohio State University and the Nittany Lions of The Pennsylvania State University. Before Penn State joined the Big Ten Conference in 1990, Ohio State and Penn State only played eight times, the last of which was in the 1980 Fiesta Bowl. After Penn State joined the Big Ten, the rivalry continued as an annual conference game. Series history. 1912–80: Pre-Big Ten era. Penn State won the first four meetings in the series, however these meetings spread across 53 seasons, between 1912 and 1964. The first ever match-up was held in Columbus, Ohio in November 1912. Penn State had just come off a 8–0–1 season in 1911. All of the experts had picked Ohio State to win this game in a blowout. However, it was the Nittany Lions shutting the Buckeyes out, 37–0. It would not be until 1956 when Penn State made a return trip to Columbus, however when they won the second meeting between the schools, 7–6. Penn State would win two more games at Ohio Stadium before Ohio State won a game in 1975. The first ever match-up of the two held in State College, Pennsylvania was in 1976 where Ohio State beat Penn State 12–7. Penn State won in 1978 back in Columbus. In 1980, the two schools played in their first and only postseason bowl, the 1980 Fiesta Bowl. The Ohio State Buckeyes were 9–3, while the Penn State Nittany Lions were 10–2. The Penn State Nittany Lions won at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona 31–19. As Ohio State and Penn State now play in the same conference, it is unlikely for the two schools to face off in another bowl game. 1993–2000: Penn State enters the Big Ten. Following the 1980 Fiesta Bowl, Penn State and Ohio State did not meet again until Penn State joined the Big Ten in 1993. From 1993 to the present, the Buckeyes and Nittany Lions have played annually. Ohio State won the first conference meeting, 24–6 after a close 7–6 first quarter. Ohio State has won 11 of the matchups, while Penn State has won six. The largest margin of victory for ether teams came in 1994 when Penn State beat Ohio State 63–14. Interestingly following this defeat, an Ohio State sportswriter dropped
1960s in music For music from a year in the 1960s, go to 60 | 61 | 62 | 63 | 64 | 65 | 66 | 67 | 68 | 69 This article includes an overview of the major events and trends in popular music in the 1960s. In South America, Europe and Oceania, the decade was particularly revolutionary in terms of popular music, as it saw the formation and evolution of rock. At the beginning of the 1960s, pop and rock and roll trends of the 1950s continued; nevertheless, the rock and roll of the decade before started to merge into a more international, eclectic variant known as rock. By the mid-1960s, rock and roll in its purest form was gradually overtaken by pop rocked, beat, psychedelican rock, blues rock and folk rock, which had grown in popularity. The country and folk-influenced style associated with the latter-half of 1960s rock music spawned a generation of popular singer-songwriters who wrote and performed their own work. Towards the decade's end, genres such as baroque pop, sunshine pop, bubblegum pop, progressive rock and heavy metal started to grow popular, with the latter two finding greater success in the following decade. Furthermore, the 1960s saw funk and soul music rising in popularity; rhythm and blues in general remained popular, and this style was commonly associated to girl groups of the time, whose fusion of R&B and gospel with rock and roll enjoyed success until the mid-part of the decade. Aside from the popularity of rock and R&B music in the 1960s, Latin American as well as Jamaican and Cuban music achieved a degree of popularity throughout the decade, with genres such as bossa nova, the cha-cha-cha, ska, and calypso being popular. From a classical point of view, the 1960s were also an important decade as they saw the development of experimental, jazz and contemporary classical music, notably minimalism and free improvisation. In Asia, various trends marked the popular music of the 1960s. In Japan, the decade saw the rise in popularity of several Western popular music groups such as The Beatles, as well as rock and roll. The success of rock music and bands in the Japan started a new genre, known as Group Sounds, which was popular in the latter half of the decade. In South America, genres such as bossa nova, nueva canción and nueva ola started to emerge.
Cadillac ATS The Cadillac ATS is a four-door, five-passenger compact luxury sedan designed, engineered, manufactured and marketed by General Motors. General Motors developed the ATS at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, United States. GM assembles the ATS at the Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, United States. The ATS is Cadillac's smallest vehicle, slotting into the Cadillac vehicle line under the larger Cadillac CTS. The ATS is based upon General Motors' Alpha platform and is offered in either rear- or all-wheel drive configurations. The ATS base engine is a naturally aspirated 2.5-liter I-4 gasoline engine that produces . Optional engines include a 2.0-liter turbocharged I-4 gasoline engine that produces and a naturally aspirated 3.6-liter V6 gasoline engine that produces . A diesel engine will be available in the future. All versions are equipped with a 6-speed GM 6L45 Hydra-Matic automatic transmission as standard. The 2.0-liter turbocharged, rear-wheel drive version can be mated to an optional 6-speed Tremec M3L TR3160 manual transmission. Depending upon specification, the 2013 ATS ranges in price from US$34,000 to US$52,000. Cadillac debuted the ATS to the press in the United States in January 2012, placed the ATS into production in July 2012 and began selling the ATS in the United States in August 2012 as a 2013 model. GM plans to sell the ATS in China. Cadillac may sell the ATS in Europe depending upon the local market reaction. Development. GM engineers working principally at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, United States developed the ATS. Rationale. Prior to the debut of the ATS, Cadillac's smallest vehicle was the mid-size CTS. The CTS was comparable in price to compact competitors like the Audi A4, the BMW 3-Series and the Mercedes-Benz C-Class but was noticeably larger and heavier, comparable in size and weight to the mid-size BMW 5-Series. Although Cadillac believed that customers would favor a 5-series sized car at a 3-series price, that assumption proved to be incorrect. Cadillac's research found that target customers who already owned vehicles like the 3-series or A4 did not want a larger vehicle. General Motors began development of a smaller car that would satisfy these target customers; that car would eventually become the Cadillac ATS. Competitive benchmarking. To establish parameters around which they would design the ATS, GM engineers benchmarked the 1999-2006 BMW E46 3 Series, which ATS chief engineer Dave Masch
University of applied sciences University of applied sciences is a common English-language name for the institutions of higher education in several European countries which are designed with a focus on vocational degrees, especially in engineering, business, and health professions. Similarly to the universities, they provide both undergraduate and postgraduate education as well as grant academic degrees, but do not award doctoral degrees.  
Platanias F.C. Athlitikos Omilos Platania Chanion (commonly referred to as Platanias F.C. or simply Platanias) is a Greek football club based in Platanias, Chania. The association was founded in 1931. The club currently competes in the Superleague for the first time in their history, after winning the promotion play-offs of 2011–12 Football League. History. The 1942-43 AO Platanias struggled in the final Cup with the traditional association Talos but having significant absences as patients and goalkeeper Kouroupi ladaki and Galanis, who brought gun wound in the abdomen. Although Platanias lost the match, the final had a special importance because of the costumes of players. The jerseys were made from flags that had been stolen from the warehouses of the Germans, and residents had turned into the athletic apparel seamstresses in the village! From this fact, probably introduced in the red jerseys of the team. With the same attire struggled even against groups of German soldiers, who indeed seemed sporting ethic and where lost. In 1945 the team languished due to heavy immigration and the civil war that caused many players to leave their homeland. In 1958 the initiative was reestablished about Manolis Mathioulakis and first president Emmanuel Kallitsaki doctor and playing at local third category. Then he became a member of the Union of Football Associations (NSOs) and Chania first year climbed category, where it remained until 1969. In 1970 he played for the first time in A local class. In 1971 she competed in Platanias an important game with the Renaissance Chania (today Ionia), but because of the political situation of the time, the team was wronged, was the conflict in court, punished and remained inactive until 1975. After the restoration in 1975, reestablished, struggling to C local class, where he remained for two years and then went to B ', where he played another two years to come to play in the A category. From 1980 begins the rise of Platanias, who participated in the National Amateur Championships (equivalent to the existing C National) contestant in Greece. After their first two matches, the team demoted and then took a radical renewal, with footballers - inhabitants of Platanias. In 1985 he moved category (D National), but relegated the same year. For three years he fought in the First local championship Chania. In 1989 he went to the Fourth National class for two periods. In 1993, after relegation, struggled
Small Talk at 125th and Lenox A New Black Poet - Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, also known simply as Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, is the debut album of recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released in 1970 on Flying Dutchman Records. Recording sessions for the album took place live at a New York nightclub located on the corner of 125th Street and Lenox Avenue although in liner notes included with The Revolution Begins-The Flying Dutchman Masters (2012) Gil Scott-Heron himself insists that a small audience was brought to 'the studio' and seated on 'folding chairs'. By the time of the recordings, Scott-Heron had published a volume of poetry and his first novel, The Vulture. Well received by music critics who found Scott-Heron's material imaginative, Small Talk at 125th and Lenox has been described as a volcanic upheaval of intellectualism and social critique by Allmusic editor John Bush.  
Suseenthiran Suseenthiran is an Indian film director and screenwriter. He rose to fame with the film Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, which marks his directorial debut. Career. Suseenthiran, who originally hails from a small village in Pazhani, was always crazy about films like his father and his uncle, who had made a film years ago, that never got released. Though his family did not want him to become a director and waste his life on films, he was sure that he would be a filmmaker one day. To achieve his dream, he came to Chennai, when he was 18 years old and needed 12 years to make his first film. Susindran had worked as assistant director to prominent filmmakers as S. D. Sabha and Ezhil, before turning an independent director. His maiden venture, titled Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, was released in 2009, receiving rave accolades. According to Susindran, the film is based on real life incidents as his father was a kabadi player and Susindran got to know about the insults and pains the player went through, which he wanted to showcase in a film. Also he was said to be inspired from success of the 2002 Bollywood film Lagaan, which was based on cricket. Following the success of his debut film, he started his next project Naan Mahaan Alla by August 2009. This film, starring Karthi and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles, opened to highly positive reviews and emerged a commercial success as well. During this film's final stages of post-production, he started working on his third film, titled Azhagarsamiyin Kudhirai. Suseenthiran revealed that Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai was planned to be his second directorial, but since no producer was willing to fund the film with an offbeat theme, he chose to make a film featuring a known lead actor first. Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai, based on Bhaskar Sakthi's novel, likewise fetched critical acclaim. It was screened at 2011 Toronto International Film Festival in Contemporary World Cinema category. Suseenthiran finished his fourth venture, titled Rajapattai, starring Vikram and Deeksha Seth in the lead.His fifth flick Adalal kadhal seiver which was released in August 2013 received a highly positive response.This movie contains a strong message of premature love and teen pregnancy.The climax of the movie made many to cry and it was emotional.  
Cherry Healey Cherry Healey (born Cherry Kathleen Chadwyck-Healey, 5 December 1980) is a British television presenter, frequently featuring in self-titled lifestyle documentaries on the BBC, especially BBC Three. Biography. Healey is descended from the Chadwyck-Healey baronets; her father Nicholas is a son of the 4th Baronet. She has three brothers. She attended Cheltenham Ladies' College until 2000. She has a Degree in Drama Education / Drama for Social Change from Central School of Speech and Drama. Best known for her work with light-hearted documentaries on BBC Three, including studies on drinking, childbirth, body issues, dating, and money, she frequently relates documentaries to her own life both during the programmes and on her blog on the BBC website. She presented Britain's Favourite Supermarket Foods on BBC One on 15 February 2012. Cherry has also written for several publications including Grazia, You Me Baby magazine, and Cellardoor online. Personal life. Healey has a daughter Coco (born 4 September 2009), and married partner Roly Allen in summer 2010. On June 18th, 2013 Cherry announced on her Facebook, Twitter and Instagram that she was expecting her second child.  
LA X LA X comprises the 104th and 105th episodes of the American Broadcasting Company's Lost, marking the premiere of the sixth and final season. It was written by show runners/executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by executive producer Jack Bender. Both parts were aired on February 2, 2010 on ABC in the United States and CTV in Canada, and on February 4, 2010 on RTÉ Two in Ireland. The story deals with the aftermath of the detonation of the hydrogen bomb at the end of the previous episode, The Incident. LA X introduces a new narrative device, two separate timelines, that replaces previously used devices, such as flashbacks, flash-forwards and time travel. Cuse and Lindelof have stated that the two distinct timelines are equally real. Both ABC and the producers refer to these scenes as flash sideways. The date of first broadcast was the source of much speculation, as ABC intentionally avoided locking down a timeslot to keep options open in order to assess the threat of the upcoming Olympic Games and to better fit Lost with how other shows were performing on ABC's schedule. Scheduling was further placed in jeopardy when it was announced that the chosen night was being considered for the 2010 State of the Union Address. The season premiere was the first episode of Lost to air on a Tuesday in the United States. Despite the fact that there is no specific character that the premiere is centered on, Hugo Hurley Reyes, Jack Shephard, Kate Austen, John Locke, Sun-Hwa Kwon, Sayid Jarrah, Jin-Soo Kwon and James Sawyer Ford each have points of view in the premiere. Plot. After Jughead's detonation, two scenarios are shown: one in which Oceanic 815 never crashes, and one in which the timeline hasn't been altered at all. 2004 (flash-sideways timeline). The first timeline begins on Oceanic Flight 815, in which the survivors' attempt to change the future has apparently successfully averted the crash. The island is now shown to be at the bottom of the ocean. Most of the characters' situations remain the same, e.g. Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly) is still being transported in custody of U.S. Marshal Edward Mars (Fredric Lehne); Dr. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) is transporting his deceased father; and John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) is still paralyzed. However, there are some differences as well, e.g. Boone Carlyle (Ian Somerhalder) is returning to Los
Digital architecture Digital architecture uses computer modeling, programming, simulation and imaging to create both virtual forms and physical structures. The terminology has also been used to refer to other aspects of architecture that feature digital technologies. The emergent field is not clearly delineated to this point, and the terminology is also used to apply to digital skins that can be streamed images and have their appearance altered. A headquarters building design for Boston television and radio station WGBH by Polshek Partnership has been discussed as an example of digital architecture and includes a digital skin. Architecture created digitally might not involve the use of actual materials (brick, stone, glass, steel, wood). It relies on sets of numbers stored in electromagnetic format used to create representations and simulations that correspond to material performance and to map out built artifacts. Digital architecture does not just represent ideated space; it also creates places for human interaction that do not resemble physical architectural spaces. Examples of these places in the Internet Universe and cyberspace include websites, multi-user dungeons, MOOs, and web chatrooms. Digital architecture allows complex calculations that delimit architects and allow a diverse range of complex forms to be created with great ease using computer algorithms. The new genre of scripted, iterative, and indexical architecture produces a proliferation of formal outcomes, leaving the designer the role of selection and increasing the possibilities in architectural design. This has re-initiated a debate regarding curvilinearity, expressionism and role of technology in society leading to new forms of non-standard architecture by architects such as Zaha Hadid and UN Studio. A conference held in London in 2009 named Digital Architecture London introduced the latest development in digital design practice. The Far Eastern International Digital Design Award (The Feidad Award) has been in existence since 2000 and honours innovative design created with the aid of digital media. In 2005 a jury with members including a representative from Quantum Film, Greg Lynn from Greg Lynn FORM, Jacob van Rijs of MVRDV, Gerhard Schmitt, Birger Sevaldson (Ocean North), chose among submissions exploring digital concepts such as computing, information, electronic media, hyper-, virtual-, and cyberspace in order to help define and discuss future space and architecture in the digital age.  
Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 is a 2008 documentary film by Kevin Rafferty, covering the 1968 meeting between the football teams of Yale and Harvard in their storied rivalry. The game has been called the most famous football game in Ivy League history. Story. For the first time since 1909, the football teams of Harvard and Yale were each undefeated with 6-0 records in their conference (8-0 overall) when they met for their season's final game on November 23, 1968 at Harvard Stadium. Led by their quarterback captain Brian Dowling, Yale was heavily favored to win and they quickly led the game 22–0. With two minutes remaining on the clock they still led 29–13. As the last seconds ticked down, Harvard, coached by John Yovicsin, tied the game, scoring 16 points in the final 42 seconds. The Harvard Crimson declared victory with a famous headline, Harvard Beats Yale 29-29, providing the title for Rafferty’s documentary. Production. Created essentially as a one-man production, Rafferty followed a simple production plan by inter-cutting broadcast video of the game with interviews he'd done with close to 50 of the surviving players. The broadcast video was a color kinescope of the WHDH telecast, with Don Gillis doing the play-by-play. The film was set to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the 1968 game between Yale and Harvard. The documentary includes game footage with contemporary interviews with the men who played that day, as well as contextual commentary about the Vietnam War, the sexual revolution, Garry Trudeau's Yale cartoons, and various players' relationships with George W. Bush (Yale), Al Gore (Harvard), and Meryl Streep (Vassar). Reception. The documentary received numerous positive reviews: Steven Rea of Philadelphia Inquirer wrote Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 is a comeback story, a classic underdog yarn. But this winning doc also offers serious reflection on how events from our past continue to loom large in our lives - as regrets still counted, as lessons learned, as triumphs that awe and amaze. J. Hoberman of Village Voice wrote This may or may not be the greatest instance of college football ever played, but Brian's Song, Jerry Maguire, and The Longest Yard notwithstanding, Rafferty's no-frills annotated replay is the best football movie I've ever seen: A particular day in history becomes a moment out of time. Michael Sragow of the Baltimore Sun called the film Kevin Rafferty's magnum opus. Mark Feeney
Drug policy of Portugal The drug policy of Portugal was put in place in 2000, and was legally effective from July 2001. The new law maintained the status of illegality for using or possessing any drug for personal use without authorization. However, the offense was changed from a criminal one, with prison a possible punishment, to an administrative one if the amount possessed was no more than ten days' supply of that substance. In 1999, Portugal had the highest rate of HIV amongst injecting drug users in the European Union. The number of newly diagnosed HIV cases among drug users has decreased to 13.4 cases per million in 2009 but that is still high above the European average, at 2.85 cases per million. There were 2000 new cases a year, in a country of 10 million people. 45% of HI reported AIDS cases recorded in 1997 originated among IV drug users, so targeting drug use was seen as an effective avenue of HIV prevention. The number of heroin users was estimated to be between 50,000 and 100,000 at the end of the 1990s. This led to the adoption of The National Strategy for the Fight Against Drugs in 1999. A vast expansion of harm reduction efforts, doubling the investment of public funds in drug treatment and drug prevention services, and changing the legal framework dealing with minor drug offences were the main elements of the policy thrust. Harm reduction. The needle exchange program, Say NO! to a used syringe, is a nationwide syringe exchange program which has been ongoing since October 1993, involving some 2,500 pharmacies throughout Portugal. It is run by the National Committee against AIDS - set up by the Ministry of Health and the National Association of Pharmacies - a nongovernmental organisation representing the majority of Portuguese pharmacies. All drug users can exchange used syringes at pharmacy counters across the country. They get a kit with clean needle syringes, a condom, rubbing alcohol and a written message motivating for AIDS prevention and addiction treatment. From 1994 to 1999, pharmacies delivered around 3 million syringes annually. Several low threshold projects were initiated after 1999, particularly in the period 2003-2005, where outreach teams have promoted safe injection practices and supplied needles and injecting equipment on the street. Many of these projects are still running. At programme start, a media campaign was launched by television, radio and the press,
Nokia N900 The Nokia N900 was a smartphone made by Nokia. It supersedes the Nokia N810. Its default operating system, Maemo 5, is a Linux-based OS originally developed for the Nokia 770 Internet Tablet. It is the first Nokia device based upon the Texas Instruments OMAP3 microprocessor with the ARM Cortex-A8 core. Unlike the three Nokia Internet tablets preceding it, the Nokia N900 is the first Maemo device to include phone functionality (quad-band GSM and 3G UMTS/HSDPA). The N900 functions as a mobile Internet device, and includes e-mail, web browsing and access to online services, a 5-megapixel digital camera for still or video photography, a portable media player for music and video, calculator, games console and word processor, SMS, as well as mobile telephony using either a mobile network or VoIP via Internet (mobile or Wi-Fi). Maemo provides an X-terminal interface for interacting with the core operating system. It was launched at Nokia World on 2 September 2009 and was released on 11 November 2009 in the United States and 9 European countries. The N900 was launched alongside Maemo 5, giving the device an overall more touch-friendly interface than its predecessors and a customizable home screen which mixes application icons with shortcuts and widgets. Maemo 5 supports Adobe Flash Player 9.4, and includes many applications designed specifically for the mobile platform such as a new touch-friendly media player. History and availability. The Nokia N900 was announced on 17 September 2008 during a keynote presentation by Dr. Ari Jaaksi of Nokia. New supported features were announced for Maemo 5 such as cellular connectivity over 3G/HSPA, TI OMAP3 processor and high definition camera support. No news on backward compatibility for older Internet Tablets and no time frame was established. The release of the pre-alpha Maemo 5 software development kit, in December 2008 targeted exclusively the OMAP3 architecture, revamped the user interface, included support for hardware graphics acceleration and other functionalities not found in Internet Tablets at the time such as cellular data connectivity and high definition camera support. The first photo and specifications of the N900, codenamed Rover while being developed, came out in May 2009. The release of FCC approval documents in August 2009 confirmed the device and provided the second codename RX-51. The Nokia N900 was officially announced on 2 September 2009 at Nokia World 2009 in Germany. Nokia says it is step 4 of 5 in the line
L.A. Zombie L.A. Zombie is a 2010 queer cinema zombie film written and directed by Bruce LaBruce. It premiered in competition at Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland in 2010. The film exists in two versions, an hour-long one that was showcased at various festivals and theatres, and a one-hundred and three minute hardcore cut released on DVD. Plot. An extraterrestrial zombie (who may just be a schizophrenic vagrant, and whose appearance constantly shifts between that of a corpse, a tusked beast with irregular genitals, and a normal man) emerges from the sea, and begins making its way to Los Angeles. A motorist notices the zombie walking along a deserted road, picks it up, and dies in an accident moments later. The zombie recovers from the crash, and reanimates the driver by penetrating a wound in the man's chest with its monstrous penis. The ghouls have sex, which ends with the first zombie ejaculating black semen, and stumbling away as the motorist sits among the wreckage of his vehicle, in awe of what had just transpired. The zombie reaches Los Angeles, and after perusing shopping carts full of discarded objects, ventures to the L.A. River, where it sees a white collar criminal being shot to death by his partner. The zombie drags the deceased lawbreaker to a soiled mattress, and resurrects him via coitus with the bullet wounds in the man's back. The undead criminal and the zombie have sex, which is followed by the zombie wandering away, washing itself, and going to a café, where it purchases a cup of coffee. The zombie steals some clothing, and finds the dumped body of a gang member who was shot in the head. The zombie brings the hood back to life by molesting the hole in his forehead, and has sex with him. A group of homeless are then shown meeting at an abandoned sofa, but flee when they discover the body of a fellow bum who had overdosed in a cardboard box. The zombie happens upon the scene, and after ignoring a homeless man who is merely passed out, resurrects and engages in sex with the dead one. In a BDSM dungeon, four men have an orgy, and later all of them are killed by a pair of drug dealers when they refuse to pay for low-quality cocaine. The zombie witnesses the massacre through a window, enters the building,
Naga Chaitanya Naga Chaitanya is an Indian film actor who stars in Telugu films. He made his debut in the 2009 college film, Josh. His second film was, Gautham Menon's Ye Maaya Chesave with his portrayal of a love-torn film director winning him critical acclaim. Early life and family. Naga Chaitanya was born on 23 November 1986 to actor Akkineni Nagarjuna and Lakshmi Daggubati, of the Naidu Family. Naga Chaitanya was born in Hyderabad, but moved to Chennai with his mother after his parents split. He received schooling at the PSBB School in Chennai, during which period he often visited his father in Hyderabad. He played the guitar and drums occasionally for the PSBB school band. He was then sent to an acting school in Mumbai, and subsequently to Hollywood Studios in California (USA) to learn dance and fights before he made his debut. He is also a huge automotive enthusiast and occasionally participates in organised motorsports even to date. Career. Following in his family's footsteps, Naga Chaitanya's debut was widely anticipated. After several rumours regarding his debut, during the audio launch of his father's King, Chaitanya was introduced to the film world where his debut film was launched. Josh, directed by newcomer Vasu Varma and produced by Dil Raju, featured him alongside fellow debutant Karthika Nair, daughter of Radha, with his role drawing comparison with his father's character from Shiva. However upon release, the film received negative reviews from film critics. Although Naga Chaitanya's performance secured him the Filmfare Best Male Debut Award for South Indian films. Prior to the release of his first film, he signed his second film with Indira Productions, which was to be directed by Gautham Menon and featured music by A. R. Rahman. Ye Maaya Chesave released in February 2010 to unanimous positive reviews with the film being dubbed as a classic by reviewers, with comparisons drawn to his father's romantic film, Mani Ratnam's Geethanjali. Critics also praised his on-screen chemistry with debutant actress Samantha, as the film went on to become a commercial success at the box-office. This was the Telugu version of the Tamil film, Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya. He also made a cameo appearance in the Tamil version. His next movie was Sukumar's 100% Love with Tamannaah Bhatia has gained success in the box office. His next movie Dhada with Kajal Aggarwal directed Ajay Bhuyan released in August with huge expectations was
Seungri Lee Seung-hyun (Hangul: 이승현; born December 12, 1990), known by his stage name Seungri or V. I. (Hangul: 승리; lit. victory), is a South Korean singer, songwriter, dancer, actor, and model, who is best known as a member of South Korean boy group Big Bang. Seungri released his first album VVIP in 2011. Along with his native Korean, he speaks fluent Japanese and conversational English. Biography. Pre Debut. Before joining the group, in his hometown, Gwangju, he was the leader and part of the dance group II Hwa. Seungri is known for his dance skills. He first appeared on television on the reality television series Let's Cokeplay: Mnet Battle Shinhwa, a show in which Shinhwa attempted to create a boy band that could be a second Shinhwa. Although he was noticed for his dance skills, his lack of vocal skills led to him being eliminated. If he wasn't eliminated he would have debuted in Battle a group of 6 boys that each Shinhwa member picked out. themselves. He was later scouted by the record label YG Entertainment and joined the group Big Bang. Although he was initially cut on the ninth episode of the group's documentary series, he was given another chance to impress YG Entertainment CEO Yang Hyun Suk and succeeded. Dance Career. Seungri is known for his dance skills. In his hometown, Gwangju, he was part of the dance group II Hwa. He has competed against his fellow Big Bang member Taeyang in several dance competitions, as well as against Super Junior's Eunhyuk, TVXQ's Yunho, and Shinee's Taemin. Seungri also choreographed a large portion of Big Bang's dances. During Big Bang Documentary, for the dance battle between 2 teams, his team was made out with Taeyang and T. O. P. up against G-Dragon's team with Daesung and Hyunseung. Seungri was the team leader of the group from his dance skills, he choreographed the dance which they got the idea from a native African tribe dance. With an amazing performance and clothing they worn, they won the dance battle. Career. Seungri debuted in 2006 alongside four other members as part of the group Big Bang. He recorded his first solo song The Next Day in 2007, which was included in Big Bang's first album Since 2007. The album was fairly successful, but the group only achieved mainstream success with the release of the song Lies (Korean: 거짓말;
Project Greek Island Project Greek Island was a United States government continuity program located at The Greenbrier hotel in West Virginia. The facility was decommissioned in 1992 after the program was exposed in a U.S. newspaper article. Purpose. In the late 1950s, the United States government approached The Greenbrier Hotel and sought its assistance in creating a secret emergency relocation center to house Congress in the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust. The classified, underground facility was built at the same time as the West Virginia Wing, an above-ground addition to the hotel, from 1959 to 1962. For 30 years, The Greenbrier owners maintained an agreement with the federal government that, in the event of an international crisis, the entire resort property would be conveyed to government use, specifically as the emergency location for the legislative branch. The underground facility contained a dormitory, kitchen, hospital, and a broadcast center for members of Congress. The broadcast center had changeable seasonal backdrops to allow it to appear as if members of Congress were broadcasting from Washington, D.C. A radio tower was installed away for these broadcasts. The largest room is The Exhibit Hall, by beneath a ceiling nearly high and supported by 18 support columns. Adjoining it are two smaller auditoriums, one seating about 470 people, big enough to host the 435-member House of Representatives, and the smaller with a seating capacity of about 130, suitable as a temporary Senate chamber. The Exhibit Hall itself could be used for joint sessions of Congress. It was used by The Greenbrier guests for business meetings, was actually a disguised workstation area for members of Congress complete with four hidden blast doors. Two of the doors were large enough to allow vehicles to enter. One weighed more than and measured wide and high. Another weighed more than . The doors were thick. The two-foot thick walls of the bunker were made of reinforced concrete designed to withstand a nearby nuclear blast. The center was maintained by government workers posing as hotel audiovisual employees, and operated under a dummy company named Forsythe Associates based in Arlington, Virginia. The company's on-site employees maintained that their purpose was to maintain the hotels 1100 televisions. The company's first manager was John Londis, a former cryptographic expert with the Army Signal Corps. He had a top-secret security clearance and was stationed at the Pentagon. Many of these same workers are
TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship The TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling women's tag team championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion. It was contested for mainly by teams consisting of two female wrestlers in TNA, known as knockouts, in TNA's women's division; however, the championship was once held by a male. The creation of the championship was announced on August 20, 2009 during a backstage segment on TNA's primary television program TNA Impact!. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won via the result of a scripted match. Sarita and Taylor Wilde were the inaugural champions. They won a four-week tournament to crown the first champions. The final champions were ODB and Eric Young, who held the titles for a record 478 days. On the June 20, 2013 episode of Impact Wrestling, Knockouts Division Executive Brooke Hogan stripped ODB and Young of the title due to the fact that Young is a male talent. This ultimately resulted in the titles being deactivated, as it's no longer listed among TNA's active championships. History. TNA Knockout. TNA Knockout, or just Knockout for short, is the term used by TNA to refer to its onscreen female employees; this is similar to TNA's main rival World Wrestling Entertainment and their Divas pseudonym. TNA's first women's accomplishment was announced at TNA's first weekly pay-per-view event on June 19, 2002. It was called the Miss TNA crown. The holder of the crown was determined in a lingerie battle royal on June 19, 2002, which aired on June 26, 2002. The participants in the match were Alexis Laree, Elektra, Erin Bray, Francine, Miss Joni, Sasha, Shannon, Taylor Vaughn, and Teresa Tyler. Vaughn last eliminated Elektra to win the crown. The TNA Knockout of the Year is another award in TNA given to the knockout who achieved the most or had the best run that year. The most recent Knockout of the Year was Gail Kim in 2007; no award was given out in 2008. In October 2007 at TNA's Bound for Glory PPV event, TNA established their first women's championship, with Gail Kim winning a 10 knockout gauntlet match to become the first TNA Women's Knockout Champion. Ms. Brooks, Christy Hemme, Awesome Kong, Roxxi Laveaux, Talia Madison, Shelly Martinez, Jackie Moore, ODB, and Angel Williams were also involved in the match. Two DVDs on the topic of the
Robot B-9 The B-9, Class M-3 General Utility Non-Theorizing Environmental Control Robot was a character in the television series Lost in Space. Known and addressed simply as Robot, his full designation was only occasionally mentioned on the show. History. Although a machine endowed with superhuman strength and futuristic weaponry, he often displayed human characteristics, such as laughter, sadness, and mockery, as well as singing and playing the guitar. The Robot was performed by Bob May in a prop costume built by Bob Stewart. The voice was primarily dubbed by Dick Tufeld, who was also the series' narrator and Jorge Arvizu for the spanish dubbing. The Robot was designed by Robert Kinoshita, who also designed Forbidden Planet's Robby the Robot. Robby appears in Lost in Space episode #20 War of the Robots and in episode #60 Condemned of Space. The Robot did not appear in the unaired pilot episode, but was added to the series once it had been greenlit. Initially, the bellows-covered legs were articulated, and were moved separately by the actor inside. However, the metal edges inside the suit cut actor Bob May's legs, so changes were made. The legs were bolted together, and the robot was pulled along by a wire instead of walking like it had done before. A new lower section was constructed with the legs cut off at the knee. This was filmed either in close-up or behind something to obscure the actor's feet protruding out the bottom. Features and abilities. Robot B-9 consisted, from top down, of The Robot possessed powerful computers that allowed him to make complex calculations and to deduce many facts. He had a variety of sensors that detected numerous phenomena and dangers. He was programmed with extensive knowledge on many subjects, including how to operate the Jupiter 2 spaceship. His construction allowed him to function in extreme environments and in the vacuum of space. He was extremely strong, giving him utility both in performing difficult labor and in fighting when necessary. Moreover, his claws could fire laser beams and, most frequently, a powerful electro-force that was similar to arcing electricity. In one first season episode, Dr. Smith was seen to remove the robot's programming tapes, which resemble a small reel of magnetic tape, from a hatch below the robot's chest panel. After Lost In Space. Two versions of the robot were used during Lost in Space filming – a
Public housing estates in Tseung Kwan O Public housing estates in Tseung Kwan O – including Home Ownership Scheme (HOS), Private Sector Participation Scheme (PSPS), Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) History. With the exception of Tsui Lam Estate, King Ming Court and Hong Sing Garden, all the public housing and HOS estates in Tseung Kwan O are built on the reclaimed land of Junk Bay. In 1990s, cracks were found at various places around On Ning Garden, Fu Ning Garden, Tong Ming Court, Beverly Garden and Bauhinia Garden. The estates were also found unusual soil settlement on their reclaimed land when the MTR Tseung Kwan O Line was being constructed. After investigation, the government explained that the settlement occurred due to consolidation of soil layers overlying the bedrock when groundwater was lost to the sewage collection tunnels and not adequately replenished from the surface. But the government emphasized that the buildings built on the reclaimed land were still safe. Overview. Bauhinia Garden (寶盈花園). Bauhinia Garden is a HOS and PSPS estate, located near Tseung Kwan O Plaza, The Grandiose, Tseung Kwan O Station. It was jointly developed by the Hong Kong Housing Authority and Shui On Group. It consists of 8 residential blocks built on the reclaimed land and completed in 2001. In 1990s, it suffered serious unusual ground settlement when Tseung Kwan O Line was being constructed. Beverly Garden. Beverly Garden () is a HOS and PSPS estate, located near Tseung Kwan O Plaza, The Grandiose, Tseung Kwan O Station. It consists of 10 residential blocks built on the reclaimed land and completed in 1998. In 1990s, it suffered serious unusual ground settlement when Tseung Kwan O Line was being constructed. Choi Ming Court. Choi Ming Court () is a public estate and a HOS/PSPS estate in Tiu Keng Leng. It is the seventh public housing estate. It consists of 10 residential blocks (4 for rental and 6 for HOS) and a shopping centre completed in 2001. Chung Ming Court. Chung Ming Court () is a HOS estate, near Hau Tak Estate. It has only 5 blocks built in 1993. Fu Ning Garden. Fu Ning Garden () is the first HOS and PSPS estate in Hang Hau Area, located near Hang Hau Village and Tseung Kwan O Hospital. It was jointly developed by the Hong Kong Housing Authority and Tak Wing Investment (Holdings) Limited (Renamed as New Smart Energy
Jed Whedon Jed Tucker Whedon (born July 18, 1974) is a screenwriter and musician. Jed is from a family of writers: he is the son of screenwriter Tom Whedon, grandson of screenwriter John Whedon, and the brother of screenwriter Zack Whedon and producer/director/writer Joss Whedon. On April 19, 2009, he married fellow screenwriter Maurissa Tancharoen. Alongside his brothers Joss and Zack and his then fiancée Maurissa Tancharoen, he co-created and co-wrote the musical Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog. It was the subject of a salute by The Paley Center for Media and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-Action Entertainment Programs. Prior to Dr. Horrible, Jed composed scores for video games, and was a member of the now defunct Los Angeles-based band The Southland. In 2010, he released an album entitled History of Forgotten Things under the band name Jed Whedon and the Willing. Assisting him on the album were his wife, Maurissa Tancharoen and their mutual friend Felicia Day. With Felicia Day, he composed the music to the song (Do You Wanna Date My) Avatar for the web series The Guild, the video for which he also directed. He and his wife Maurissa were staff writers on Dollhouse, the Fox series created by his older brother Joss, prior to its cancellation. They have since joined the staffs of , co-created by former Mutant Enemy writer Steven S. DeKnight, and Drop Dead Diva. Jed worked with his wife and brother Joss on The Avengers. He is currently a writer on the ABC show, Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Awards. For his work on Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, Jed won two Streamy Awards for Best Writing for a Comedy Web Series and Best Original Music for a Web Series.  
Andrew Leeds Andrew Leeds is a former Australian rugby union and professional rugby league player. He has played for the Western Suburbs Magpies, Parramatta Eels and Penrith Panthers, primarily as a goal-kicking fullback, and has represented at national level for the Wallabies. Playing career. Leeds played junior rugby union with the Northmead club,Merrylands JRU and James Ruse Agricultural High School. Joining the Parramatta Two Blues, Leeds played in the 1985 and 1986 premiership winning sides, and went on to play for Sydney, New South Wales and Australia in 1986. Leeds made three tours with the Wallabies, appearing in fourteen tests, and played in the 1987 Rugby World Cup. Converting to rugby league, Leeds joined the Parramatta Eels for the 1989 season. He spent 3 years with the Eels, but failed to perform when played at Centre or Five-eighth. After a year spent with the Penrith Panthers, Leeds joined Wests from 1993 onwards. Leeds was a player with deceptive pace and skill. He was safe, reliable and a match-winner with the boot. He scored over 500 points for the Magpies, often in under-performing teams, before announcing his retirement in 1999. He is the fourth highest point-scorer for the club. Leeds later joined the Wests Tigers as their physiotherapist and rehab manager, and did similar unpaid work with the Two Blues As of 2012, Leeds was the Wests Tigers' longest serving employee, having missed only one game since the club started in 2000.  
Cheran Pandiyan Cheran Pandiyan (; is an Indian film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film proved to be successful at the box office. Plot. Vijayakumar is the head of the village (Oor Gounder) with his wife Manjula and his daughter Srija. He is a person of who strictly adheres to the caste. Sarathkumar is also in the same village. The father of both Vijayakumar and Sarathkumar are one but Sarathkumar's mother is from a lower caste. So Vijayakumar always ignores Sarathkumar. Anandbabu who is relative of Sarathkumar comes to meet him in the village and falls in love with Srija. Vijayakumar comes to know about this and he makes arrangements for Srija's marriage with K.S.Ravikumar, son of Nagesh. At the end Vijayakumar becomes a good person with the advice of Manjula and a happy end of Anandbabu marrying Srija. This movie was remade in Telugu in 1992 with Sobhan Babu, Dr Rajashekhar, Jagapathi Babu, and Ramya Krishna in lead roles. It is titled Balaramakrishnulu, and it became a blockbuster. Soundtrack. Songs. The music composed by Soundaryan while lyrics also written by himself.  
Public housing estates in Kwai Chung This is a list of public housing estates (including Home Ownership Scheme (HOS), Private Sector Participation Scheme (PSPS), Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) and Sandwich Class Housing Scheme (SCHS)) in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong Overview. Cho Yiu Chuen. Cho Yiu Chuen () consists of 8 residential buildings with a total of 2,532 units, which were built in 1977, 1978 and 1981. It also provides elderly persons flats at Chung Ling Sheh (). It was named for Sir Cho Yiu Kwan (), one of the founders of Hong Kong Housing Society. It received a Certificate of Merit at the 1981 Hong Kong Institute of Architects Annual Awards. Kai King Lau is the tallest building in Cho Yiu Chuen with 38 storeys. It was also the tallest public housing building in the world at that time. Hibiscus Park. Hibiscus Park () is a SCHS estate in Kwai Chung, near Kwai Chung Sports Ground, Kwai Fong. Formerly the site of Kwai Hong Temporary Housing Area (), it consists of 2 blocks built in 1998. Highland Park. Highland Park () is a SCHS estate, developed by the HKHS and situated at the mid-level of Lai King Hill, Kwai Chung. Formerly the site of Lai King Temporary Housing Area (), It has totally 6 blocks built in 1999, offering 1,456 flats. High Prosperity Terrace. High Prosperity Terrace () was PSPS estate which was jointly by the Hong Kong Housing Authority and Supertime Holdings. However, it was transferred to rental public housing estate in 2002. Its rent are now fixed at 10% above the best rents of the district concerned in view of their higher standard of finishes and fittings. It has two residential buildings, completed in 2003. Formerly the site of Kwai Lok Temporary Housing Area (), Kwai Chun Court. Kwai Chun Court () is a HOS court in Kwai Chung, near Kwai Hing Estate. It has 3 blocks built in 1995. Kwai Chung Estate. Kwai Chung Estate () is now under the management of the Hong Kong Housing Authority (HKHA). The phase 1 and phase 3-5 of its redevelopment were completed progressively in 1998, 2000 and 2005. Starting from 1993, the Housing Department has embarked on the redevelopment of Kwai Chung Estate. After 12 years of work, the entire redevelopment project was realised in 2005. Being the largest public housing estate in Hong Kong, Kwai Chung Estate provides
The S.I.G.I.T. The S.I.G.I.T. (abbreviation of The Super Insurgent Group of Intemperance Talent) is an Indonesian rock band based in Bandung, Indonesia. Although the band doesn't like to be categorized, they've been described as a garage rock band and often compared to Wolfmother and The Datsuns, even dubbed as 'Indonesian Answer To Wolfmother' by some Australian media. Origin of The Name. Band name origin is rumored to be derived from Rekti's father, Sigit. Brief history. 1994-2002. Period of formation. In this period, they met each other, played and hung out together, fought each other, rehearsed a lot, and wrote their song. 2002-2004. In 2004, The S.I.G.I.T. signed to Spills Records and released their self titled debut mini album (EP) and performed many bar gigs and venue. Their first single, Soul Sister soon became a local radio hits in Bandung and Jakarta, MTV Trax Magazine described them as The Hottest Rock N Roll Band. After contributing on movie soundtrack for Catatan Akhir Sekolah (CAS), their fanbase grow rapidly. Did I Ask Your Opinion, which appeared as OST on former movie, finally became their first single to be broadcast on MTV Indonesia. After leaving Spills Records, they began to spread their stage performance to bigger venue and region... 2005. Their name appeared on NME's Stereo (30 July) The S.I.G.I.T. - Black Amplifier. Scorching, gonzo Zep Rock from our hot new Indonesian Friend 2006. Signed to FFWD and released Visible Idea of Perfection in December under FFWD's subsidiary label FFCUTS 2007. Signed to Australian Caveman! and released Visible.. which distributed by Reverberation. They toured Australia in June to coincide the release date. 2009. Appearing at SXSW 2009 in Austin Texas. Toured California and Hong Kong. Released Hertz Dyslexia on June with a sold out solo concert in the biggest indoor venue in Bandung. Australian Tour. In 2007, an Australian rock band Dallas Crane was inviting The S.I.G.I.T. to join their Australian tour as an opening act band. The S.I.G.I.T agree that invitation and become known by Australian people in indie music scene. Fans. The S.I.G.I.T has gained die hard fans, not only in Indonesia, also in Australia, USA, who call themselves The Insurgent Army. Many of Insurgent Army shows their loyalty to The S.I.G.I.T in unique ways.  
The Orb discography The discography of English electronic music group The Orb consists of twelve studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums, four remix albums, four mix albums, two video albums, ten extended plays, fifteen singles and twenty-two music videos. Founded by Alex Paterson and Jimmy Cauty in 1988, the group's first release was the extended play Kiss EP, issued in May 1989. The single A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld, which marked the group's first foray into the ambient house genre, was released in October 1989 on Paterson's record label WAU! Mr. Modo Recordings. It was later re-issued by Big Life and peaked at number 78 in the United Kingdom despite sample clearance issues. Following Cauty's departure from the group, The Orb signed a long-term recording contract with Big Life and released their debut studio album The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld in April 1991. It peaked at number 29 in the United Kingdom and has since been recognized as a seminal album of the ambient house genre. Little Fluffy Clouds and Perpetual Dawn were released as singles from the album. The Orb's second studio album U.F.Orb was released in June 1992 and topped the United Kingdom albums chart. The album's second single Blue Room – with a total running length of 39 minutes and 57 seconds – became the longest release to enter the United Kingdom singles chart, where it peaked at number eight. Following the success of U.F.Orb, the group signed to Island Records and released the live album Live 93 on the label. Little Fluffy Clouds and Perpetual Dawn were subsequently re-issued and peaked at numbers ten and eighteen respectively in the UK. The Orb's third studio album Orbus Terrarum was released in April 1995, charting at number twenty in the UK and producing the top forty single Oxbow Lakes. Orblivion followed in February 1997 and peaked at number nineteen in the United Kingdom; it also became the group's first album to chart in the United States, peaking at number 174 on the Billboard 200 chart. Toxygene became their first UK top five single and also charted at number 23 in Ireland. The Orb's fifth studio album Cydonia was released in February 2001 following several delays, peaking at number 83 in the United Kingdom. The group subsequently left Island Records and released several albums on assorted
Madariyya The Madariyya are members of a Sufi order (tariqa) popular in North India, especially in Uttar Pradesh, the Mewat region, Bihar and Bengal, as well as in Nepal and Bangladesh. Known for its syncretic aspects, lack of emphasis on external religious practice and focus on internal dhikr, it was initiated by the Sufi saint 'Sayed Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar' (d. 1434 CE), called Qutb-ul-Madar, and is centered around his shrine (dargah) at Makanpur, Kanpur district, Uttar Pradesh. Originating from the Tayfuriya order, as his Pir, spiritual teacher was Bayazid Tayfur al-Bistami, Madariya reached its zenith in the late Mughal period between 15th to 17th century, and gave rise to several new orders as Madar's disciples spread through the Northern plains of India, into Bengal. As with most Sufi orders, its name Madariya too has been created by adding a Nisba to the name its founder, Madar in this case lead to Madariya, sometimes spelled as Madariyya, though it is also referred as Tabaqatiya at many places. Founder. Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar or Qutbul Madar was born in 242 Hijri as per Islamic calendar at Halab, Syria. In the book Gulzar-e-Madar, the author Maulana Sayed Mehmood wrote that Hazrat Huzaifa Sayed himself stated that one day in a dream Prophet Muhammad came to him and said: his child is a Wali of the almighty Allah and is from my origin. The Muslims belonging to Zinda Shah Madar are called Shah, sai or syed. In the book Taskiratulkram fi Ahwale Khulafa-e-Arbo Islam, it is written that Hazrat Sayed Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar had the knowledge of all the four books which came from the Paradise. At the age of 14, Hazrat Sayed Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar had memorised the Quran Shareef and had read its existence values as well he got knowledge of other religious topics. His Pir or Sheikh was Sayed Bayzid Bustami (Sultan Arafeen). Hazrat Sayed Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar was pledged with the Tayfooriya order and was being said as Silsila-e-Tayfooriya. Zinda Shah Madar has visited many countries and had extensively preached Islam. He is said to visited almost all places in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Iran, Baghdad, Egypt, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and many more places around the world. Dargah. The Dargah or the tomb of Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar is located at Makanpur, near Kanpur city, in Uttar Pradesh state in India. It is visited
By a Thread By a Thread is the ninth full length studio album by Gov't Mule. It has been released on October 27, 2009, on Evil Teen Records. It is the first album to feature bassist Jorgen Carlsson, who joined the band in 2008, replacing Andy Hess. On August 17, 2009, the first track of the album, Broke Down on the Brazos, was made available for listening on Gov't Mule's official website, as well as on the band's Myspace and Facebook pages. The track features the playing of Billy Gibbons, best known as the singer and guitarist for the American blues rock band ZZ Top. It was the last song written for the CD.  
Lactarius indigo Lactarius indigo, commonly known as the indigo milk cap, the indigo (or blue) Lactarius, or the blue milk mushroom, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Russulaceae. A widely distributed species, it grows naturally in eastern North America, East Asia, and Central America; it has also been reported in southern France. L. indigo grows on the ground in both deciduous and coniferous forests, where it forms mycorrhizal associations with a broad range of trees. The fruit body color ranges from dark blue in fresh specimens to pale blue-gray in older ones. The milk, or latex, that oozes when the mushroom tissue is cut or broken—a feature common to all members of the Lactarius genus—is also indigo blue, but slowly turns green upon exposure to air. The cap has a diameter of , and the stem is tall and thick. It is an edible mushroom, and is sold in rural markets in China, Guatemala, and Mexico. Taxonomy and nomenclature. Originally described in 1822 as Agaricus indigo by American mycologist Lewis David de Schweinitz, the species was later transferred to the genus Lactarius in 1838 by the Swede Elias Magnus Fries. German botanist Otto Kuntze called it Lactifluus indigo in his 1891 treatise Revisio Generum Plantarum, but the suggested name change was not adopted by others. Hesler and Smith in their 1960 study of North American species of Lactarius defined L. indigo as the type species of subsection Caerulei, a group characterized by blue latex and a sticky, blue cap. In 1979, they revised their opinions on the organization of subdivisions in the genus Lactarius, and instead placed L. indigo in subgenus Lactarius based on the color of latex, and the subsequent color changes observed after exposure to air. As they explained:The gradual development of blue to violet pigmentation as one progresses from species to species is an interesting phenomenon deserving further study. The climax is reached in L. indigo which is blue throughout. L. chelidonium and its variety chelidonioides, L. paradoxus, and L. hemicyaneus may be considered as mileposts along the road to L. indigo. The specific epithet indigo is derived from the Latin word meaning indigo blue. Its names in the English vernacular include the indigo milk cap, the indigo Lactarius, the blue milk mushroom, and the blue Lactarius. In central Mexico, it is known as añil, azul, hongo azul, zuin, and zuine; it is
Public housing estates in Tuen Mun This is a list of public housing estates in Tuen Mun, Hong Kong Overview. Affluence Garden. Affluence Garden () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme court in Tuen Mun, besides Tuen Mun River. It has totally 5 blocks built in 1989. Butterfly Estate. Butterfly Estate () is the seventh public housing estate in Tuen Mun completed in 1983. Built in the reclaimed land of Castle Peak Bay, the estate consists of 6 residential blocks. Chi Lok Fa Yuen. Chi Lok Fa Yuen () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme estate in Tsing Hoi Circuit, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong. Built on the reclaimed land of Castle Peak Bay, It comprises 8 residential blocks and a shopping centre completed in 1982. It was jointly developed by Hong Kong Housing Authority and Sun Hung Kai Properties. Fu Tai Estate. Fu Tai Estate () is the latest public housing estate in Tuen Mun, Located next to Lingnan University, consisting of 11 residential buildings completed in 2000 and 2001 it occupies the former site of Fu Tei Village () and Fu Tei Camp (). It is the only estate in Tuen Mun which is far away from any MTR Light Rail stops. Residents need to take MTR Bus to go to nearby Light Rail stops or West Rail stations. Glorious Garden. Glorious Garden () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme court in Tuen Mun, located at the reclaimed land in San Shek Wan and next to Lung Mun Oasis. It was jountly developed by Hong Kong Housing Authority and Chevalier Group. It consists of 12 residential blocks completed in 1999. Kin Sang Estate. Kin Sang Estate () is the eleventh public housing estate in Tuen Mun, located near Ching Chung Koon and Castle Peak Hospital. It is It consists of 4 residential buildings completed in 1989. In 1998, some of the flats were sold under Tenants Purchase Scheme Phase 1. Kingston Terrace. Kingston Terrace () is a Flat-for-Sale Scheme court in King San Path, Tuen Mun, near Light Rail Prime View Stop. It consists of 4 blocks with 1,152 units built in 2002, developed by the Hong Kong Housing Society. Leung King Estate. Leung King Estate () is the ninth public housing estate in Tuen Mun, located in Northwest Tuen Mun. It consists of
Foreign exchange autotrading Forex autotrading is a trading strategy where buy and sell orders are placed automatically based on an underlying system or program on the foreign exchange market. The buy or sell orders are sent out to be executed in the market when a certain set of criteria is met. Autotrading systems, or programs to form buy and sell forex signals, are used typically by active traders who enter and exit positions more frequently than the average investor. The autotrading criteria differ greatly, however they are mostly based on technical analysis. History. Forex autotrading originates at the emergence of online retail trading, since about 1999 when internet-based companies created retail forex platforms that provide a quick way for individuals to buy and sell on the forex spot market. Nevertheless, larger retail traders could autotrade Forex contracts at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange as early as in the 1970s. Types. There are two major types of forex autotrading: Advantages. An automated trading environment can generate more trades per market than a human trader can handle and can replicate its actions across multiple markets and timeframes. An automated system is also unaffected by the psychological swings that human traders are prey to. This is particularly relevant when trading with a mechanical model, which is typically developed on the assumption that all the trade entries flagged will actually be taken in real time trading. Forex Signal Provider based models offer traders the opportunity to follow previously successful signal providers or strategies with the hope that the advice they offer will continue to be accurate and lead to profitable future trades. Traders do not need to have expert knowledge or ability to define their own strategies and instead can select a system based on its performance to date, making Forex trading accessible to a large number of people. Disadvantages. As a decentralized and relatively unregulated market, it is extremely attractive to a number of Forex scams. Forex autotrading, as it brings Forex trading to the masses makes even more people susceptible to frauds. Bodies such as the National Futures Association and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission have issued warnings and rules to avoid fraudulent Forex trading behavior.  
Mukesh Tiwari Mukesh Tiwari is an Indian actor who has appeared in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu language films as a character role. He belongs to Sagar, Madhya Pradesh. His first appearance was as bandit Jagira in China Gate in 1998. Since then he has acted in several Ajay Devgan films: police officer in Gangaajal, jailor in The Legend of Bhagat Singh, Apaharan (as the SP of Salampur), Golmaal, Golmaal Returns, Golmaal 3 (as Vasooli), in  (as Chautala), LOC Kargil, Zameen and Halla Bol. He acted the role of South Indian star Kamal Haasan in the movie Jigyaasa and One Two Three. He appeared in early episodes of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah as a police inspector. He has most recently appeared in the successful Tamil films Pokkiri and Kanthaswamy in villanous roles. He has appeared in over 50 films. Most recently, he was seen as one of Marcos' henchmen in No Problem. While this film did not fare well critically, it was funny and liked by the audiences.  
Obesity in the Pacific Obesity in the Pacific is a growing health concern with health officials stating that it is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths in the Pacific Rim. According to Forbes, Pacific island nations and associated states make up the top seven on a 2007 list of fattest countries, and eight of the top ten. In all these cases, more than 70% of citizens age 15 and over have an unhealthy weight. Reasons for this issue include mining operations that have left not much arable land; as a result, much of the local diet is of processed, imported food such as Spam or corned beef, rather than fresh fish, fruit and vegetables. In addition, cultural factors have been blamed, such as associating a large body size with wealth and power, or changing ways of living, with children leading more sedentary lives. The problem is leading to increased levels of illness, including diabetes and heart diseases. In the Marshall Islands in 2008 there were 8,000 cases of diabetes in a population of only 53,000. In Fiji, strokes used to be rare in the under 50s, whilst doctors reported that they had become common amongst patients in their 20s and 30s. The problems are not confined to the small island nations, with the United States appearing 9th on the list, New Zealand 17th, and Australia 21st. In Australia, ambulances have been redesigned and equipped with heavier stretchers and larger wheelchairs to take account of the increased weight of the patients they carry.  
Anjou wine Anjou wine is produced in the Loire Valley wine region of France near the city of Angers. The wines of region are often grouped together with the wines of nearby Saumur as Anjou-Saumur. Along with the wines produce further east in Touraine, Anjou-Saumur make what is collectively known as the Middle Loire (as opposed to the Upper Loire which includes the wine regions of Sancerre and Pouilly-Fumé. Within the Anjou wine region are several Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC)s responsible for a broad spectrum of wines including still red, white and rosé produced with varying levels of sweetness. Extending across the Deux-Sèvres, Maine-et-Loire and Vienne départements, the generic Anjou AOC appellation and its various sub-appellations encompasses vineyards across more than 151 communes. Wine expert Tom Stevenson describes the wines of the area as being a microcosm of the Loire Valley, featuring wines made from every grape variety and in almost every style produced in the entire Loire wine region. Among the wines of Anjou, Savennières is noted for its dry Chenin blanc wines and the Coteaux du Layon for its sweet dessert wines that includes the botrytized wines of Bonnezeaux and Quarts de Chaume. Various rosé wines are produced in the region under different AOC designation include Rose d'Anjou, the most basic level made predominantly from Grolleau, and Cabernet d'Anjou which is usually made from Cabernet Franc or Cabernet Sauvignon. For most of its history, dry red wines have represented a small percentage of Anjou winemaking but in recent years the numbers have been steadily increasing—aided, in part, by the 1987 establishment of the Anjou-Villages AOC designation for red wines which can be made from only Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. The Gamay grape of the Beaujolais wine region has had a long history in the Anjou with its own Anjou-Gamay AOC. Grapes from around the region can go into basic Anjou blanc and Anjou Rouge AOC wines. History. Wine made from the Chenin blanc grape can be dated to the 9th century in vineyards belonging to the Glanfeuil Abbey located just south of Angers in what is now modern day Le Thoureil. Angevin wines have been held in high esteem since the Middle Ages but where mostly limited to local French markets. Unusual for the time Anjou was known for its unique winemaking technique of blending vin de presse, the wine extracted from pressing the grapes, with
Anupam Mittal Anupam Mittal is the founder and CEO of People Group which owns businesses such as Shaadi.com, the world's most successful matrimonial site, Makaan.com, Mauj Mobile and People Pictures. It is estimated that the shaadi.com matrimonial website has resulted in about 2 million marriages around the world. The matrimonial e-business is estimated to be about 1.5 billion Indian rupees. Shaadi.com was launched in 1997. Business career. Anupam Mittal founded Shaadi.comafter he met a marriage broker in India who went door to door carrying biodata in his suitcase. Mittal figured an online medium would increase a person's chances of finding the right person. The Web site's profiles diverge little from what has been traditionally done for decades. Among personal and hobbies sections are the traditional questions about family values and parents' education, Hindu horoscope signs, married siblings and mother tongue. He received a MBA in Operations and Strategic Management from Boston College. He is the Founder & CEO of People Group, which includes business such as Shaadi.com, Makaan.com, Mauj Mobile and People Pictures. He is included in BusinessWeek's India's 50 most powerful people. Film career. He has also produced and acted in two films, entitled Flavors & 99. Personal life. Anupam Mittal married Aanchal Kumar in July 2013.  
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist Michael Anthony Edward Kidd-Gilchrist (born September 26, 1993) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association (NBA). High school career. Kidd-Gilchrist grew up in Somerdale, New Jersey, and was raised by his mother, Cindy Richardson, and his stepfather, Vincent Richardson, after Kidd-Gilchrist's father died before Michael's third birthday. While attending basketball powerhouse St. Patrick High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey, he was considered one of the best basketball players in the United States. He was ranked as the #3 player by ESPN.com, and Rivals.com; while Scout.com ranked him as the #1 player at his position. In July 2010, Gilchrist, along with former Kentucky teammate Marquis Teague, were a part of the gold medal winning team in the FIBA U-17 World Championships in Hamburg, Germany. Gilchrist's senior year at St. Patrick High School was a pivotal storyline in the HBO documentary Prayer for a Perfect Season. College career. Gilchrist committed to attend the University of Kentucky on April 14, 2010. In the first game of the 2011-12 season and his career as a Wildcat, Kidd-Gilchrist was a starter and scored 15 points on 5 of 9 shooting against the Marist Red Foxes. In his second game against the 11th ranked Kansas Jayhawks, Kidd-Gilchrist scored 12 points and pulled down nine rebounds in a 75-65 victory in Madison Square Garden. In a rivalry game against the 5th ranked North Carolina Tar Heels in Rupp Arena, Kidd-Gilchrist lead Kentucky in scoring with 17 points and had 11 rebounds, giving him his first double double as a Wildcat. Against the 4th ranked Louisville Cardinals, Kidd-Gilchrist turned in his most dominating performance of the season with 24 points and 19 rebounds, shooting a career high 13 free throws and having his first zero-turnover game at Kentucky. This was enough to lead Kentucky to a 69-62 victory in Lexington. Professional career. In April 2012, Michael declared for the 2012 NBA Draft. On June 28, he was drafted second overall by the Charlotte Bobcats. On July 7, 2012, the Bobcats signed Kidd-Gilchrist to a rookie scale contract. On November 10, 2012, Kidd-Gilchrist recorded his first career double-double in a 101-97 win against the Dallas Mavericks. He had 25 points and 12 rebounds. This makes him one of only five players under the age of 20 to record 25+ points and grab 12+ rebounds in
Sulli Choi Jinri (Hangul: 최진리; Hanja: 崔真理; born March 29, 1994), better known by her stage name Sulli or sometimes known as Sulli Choi or Choi Sulli is an actress and a member of the artist group f(x). Early life. Sulli was born on 29 March 1994 in the City of Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province, Republic of Korea, but spent her childhood in Busan. Her real name is Choi Jin Ri; her given name means the truth in Korean. She is the only daughter of her family, having two older brothers and a younger brother. Her mother enrolled her in acting school at a young age. Sulli first came to Seoul in 2004 while in the fourth grade, and in 2005 and began acting professionally as Princess Sunhwa in the SBS drama The Ballad of Seodong and, some time later, had a cameo role in yet another SBS drama, Love Needs a Miracle. She later developed a desire to become a singer, a dream she followed by attending an SM audition, during which she sang the S.E.S song titled Chingu (Friend). After the audition she was officially cast as an SM trainee and in 2005, while in fifth grade, moved into a dormitory with Taeyeon and Tiffany of Girls' Generation. Here she continued to do so up until the debut of Girls' Generation, in 2007. Education. Sulli attended Jungbu Elementary School (중부초등학교) and then attended Chungdam Middle School (청담중학교). She graduated Seoul Performing Arts High School alongside with miss A's Suzy and her classmate former A Pink Yookyung, while focusing on acting. Sulli is currently featured on her school's website homepage. Acting career. Sulli began acting professionally at the age of 11, when she was back selected to play young Princess Sun-hwa in the SBS television drama, The Ballad of Seo-dong. A few months later, she made a cameo appearance in Love Needs a Miracle, another SBS television drama. In 2006, she made a small supporting appearance as the childhood crush of TVXQ/JYJ's Micky Yoochun in the theatrical drama Vacation. Sulli later landed a minor role in Punch Lady and The Flower Girl is Here (2007) and also BABO (2008). On April 26, 2012, Sulli along labelmate, SHINee's Choi Minho was confirmed to play the leading role for SM Entertainment's new drama, To the Beautiful You, a Korean version of Hana-Kimi. The drama was directed by 2009 popular drama
Messiah Foundation International Messiah Foundation () International (or MFI) is a spiritual organisation formally established in 2000 to promote the Goharian Philosophy of Divine Love. MFI is the successor of RAGS International, a spiritual organisation founded by Pakistani spiritual leader Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi in 1980. The organisation claims to be a syncretic fulfilment of Christian, Muslim, Jewish and Hindu prophecy, with Shahi depicted as the messianic figure of many religions, given the title of Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar as well as the generic Awaited One prophesied by other religions. Adherents propose to promote the reduction of hatred, promotion of divine love and world peace, and raise awareness of miraculous images of spiritual figures they claim are on the face of such objects as the moon, sun, and the Black Stone in Mecca. According to MFI, these images were put on these locations by God. The MFI purports that Gohar Shahi's image on the moon has spoken to people in different languages and rendered spiritual grace to those searching for divine love. They declare that the titles of the Messiah, Kalki Avatar and Imam Mehdi are different titles for one personality, whom they depict as Shahi. Members of the MFI refer to themselves as Goharians, due to their affiliation with Shahi. History. MFI was previously known as RAGS International until the year 2000, when Younus AlGohar became the CEO and formally established the organisation. At this time, AlGohar also formed MFI’s sister organisation, Kalki Avatar Foundation, under the apparent guidance of Shahi. After Shahi’s disappearance in 2001, Shahi’s followers in the MFI declared it to be akin to miraculous occultation and continued their activities under the leadership of AlGohar, who they claim is the personally appointed representative of Shahi. The organisation’s self-proclaimed objectives are to preach Shahi’s teachings of divine love and global peace. They consider it their responsibility to propagate alleged images of Shahi, Jesus Christ, Durga, and others on the Moon, Sun, and the Holy Black Stone in Mecca, which they say are divine signs. Though MFI has not released an official count of its members, Younus AlGohar has stated that the number is in the thousands. Shahi's alleged meeting with Jesus. Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus Christ on the 29th of May 1997 in Taos, New Mexico. When asked about what was discussed between himself and Jesus, Shahi stated that it was secretive
Camp Lejeune water contamination The Camp Lejeune water contamination problem occurred at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune from 1953 to 1987. During that time, United States Marine Corps (USMC) service members and their families living at the base apparently bathed in and ingested tap water that was contaminated with harmful chemicals. An undetermined number of former base residents later developed cancer or other ailments, which many blame on the contaminated drinking water. Victims claim that USMC leaders concealed knowledge of the problem and did not act properly in trying to resolve it or notify former base residents that their health might be at risk. In 2009 the U.S. federal government initiated investigations into the allegations of contaminated water and failures by U.S. Marine officials to act on the issue. In August 2012, President Obama signed the Janey Ensminger Act into law to begin providing medical care for people who may have been affected by the contamination. Contamination. Early reports. From at least 1953 through 1985, Marines and their families at Lejeune's main family housing areas of Tarawa Terrace and Hadnot Point drank and bathed in water contaminated with toxins at concentrations up to 3400 times levels permitted by safety standards. As a result, at least 850 former residents filed claims for nearly $4 billion from the military. The contamination appears to have affected the water from two of the eight water treatment plants on the base. The main chemicals involved were volatile organic compounds (VOCs) such as perchloroethylene (PCE), a dry cleaning solvent, and trichloroethylene (TCE), a degreaser; however, more than 70 chemicals have been identified as contaminants at Lejeune. The base's wells were shut off in the mid-1980s, after which the water met federal standards, then they were placed back online in violation of the law. The Marine Corps at Camp Lejeune is now preparing to supply water to Onslow County, NC. There is a long history of lost documents, poor management, and deceptive lab testings and results. The National Resource Council of the National Academies released a report based upon a literature review of PCE and TCE in July 2009. The report failed to assess other contaminants, such as benzene and vinyl chloride, and concluded that the water at the base was tainted between 1950 and 1985, but that the contamination could not be linked to any health problems. However, an October 2010 letter from the Director
Fábio Maldonado Fábiano Rogério Maldonado (born March 17, 1980) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and a former undefeated boxer. Maldonado trains at the gym of Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira and Antônio Rogério Nogueira in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Maldonado holds two notable knockout victories over Maiquel Falcão. Maldonado is well known for having an iron chin, often opening himself to clean strikes on the jaw and having never been knocked out in his boxing or mixed martial arts career with his only TKO loss coming by way of doctor stoppage. Boxing career. Simultaneous to becoming a mixed martial arts fighter, Maldonado also competed professionally as a boxer in his native Brazil. He made his professional boxing debut in April 2002. As a boxer he has a record of 22-0 with an impressive 21 knockouts. He last boxed professionally in June 2010. Mixed martial arts career. Early career. Maldonado made his professional MMA debut in September 2000. During the first eight years of his career, he competed exclusively in his native Brazil. He made his North American debut in November 2008. In the decade previous to his debut with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Maldonado compiled a record of 17 wins and 3 losses. Notable victories from this period include Jessie Gibbs, Vitor Miranda, and two TKO victories over Maiquel Falcão. Ultimate Fighting Championship. Maldonado made his UFC debut at UFC 120 against James McSweeney and won by TKO after 48 seconds of round 3. Maldonado lost to Kyle Kingsbury via controversial unanimous decision on June 4, 2011 at The Ultimate Fighter 13 Finale. Despite the loss, Maldonado won the Fight of the Night bonus. Maldonado was expected to face Aaron Rosa at . but he was forced to pull out of the bout due to an injury. Maldonado was expected to face UFC newcomer Caio Magalhaes on January 14, 2012 at UFC 142, but had to pull out from this bout due to a rib injury. For his third UFC fight, Maldonado faced Igor Pokrajac on May 15, 2012 at . Even though Maldonado rocked Pokrajac on several occasions, He lost the back-and-forth fight via another controversial unanimous decision. Maldonado was expected to face UFC newcomer Jorgen Kruth at UFC on Fuel TV 5. However, Kruth abruptly retired from MMA and Maldonado was briefly linked to a bout with Cyrille Diabate on November 17, 2012 at UFC 154. However, Maldonado
Dídac Vilà Dídac Vilà Rosselló (born 9 June 1989), known as Dídac, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis on loan from A.C. Milan, as a left defender. Club career. Espanyol. Born in Mataró, Barcelona, Catalonia, Dídac joined local RCD Espanyol's youth system at the age of 10, making his senior debuts in 2008–09 and helping the reserves promote from the fourth division, as champions. He was promoted to the first team by manager Mauricio Pochettino, making his La Liga debut on 30 January 2010 in a 1–0 home win against Athletic Bilbao and finishing his first professional season with 11 league games (starting and playing all the minutes in every match), as the Pericos finished in mid-table. Milan. After missing the first months of the 2010–11 campaign due to physical problems, Dídac once again gained first-choice status at Espanyol, taking over longtime incumbent – and also a youth graduate at the club – David García. On 28 January 2011, he was bought by A.C. Milan in Serie A. After only one official appearance for the Italians, Dídac returned to Espanyol in early June 2011, in a season-long loan. He only missed one match during the league campaign, scoring twice but in as many away losses. At the beginning of the 2012–13 campaign Dídac was set to join Valencia CF on loan, with the Che having the option of making the move permanent at the end of the season, but the deal fell apart as he did not pass the required medical exams. Subsequently the player underwent surgery, failing to make an official appearance for the Rossoneri. For the 2013–14 season, Dídac moved to Real Betis on loan. International career. In 2011, Dídac received his first callup for the Spanish under-21s. That year he was selected by manager Luis Milla to the UEFA European Football Championship in Denmark, playing all the matches and minutes for the eventual champions.  
Christmas in the Heart Christmas in the Heart is the thirty-fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released in October 2009 by Columbia Records. The album comprises a collection of hymns, carols, and popular Christmas songs. All Dylan's royalties from the sale of this album shall benefit the charities Feeding America in the USA, Crisis in the UK, and the World Food Programme. Dylan said that, although Jewish, he never felt left out of Christmas during his childhood in Minnesota. Regarding the popularity of Christmas music, he said, ... it's so worldwide and everybody can relate to it in their own way. The album opened at #1 on Billboard's Holiday and Billboard's Folk Album Chart, #10 on Rock Album charts and #23 on overall album charts. Recording. In an interview published by Street News Service, journalist Bill Flanagan asked Dylan why he had performed the songs in a straightforward style, and Dylan responded: There wasn’t any other way to play it. These songs are part of my life, just like folk songs. You have to play them straight too. When Flanagan reported that some critics thought the album was an ironic treatment of Christmas songs, Dylan responded: Critics like that are on the outside looking in. They are definitely not fans or the audience that I play to. They would have no gut level understanding of me and my work, what I can and can't do—the scope of it all. Even at this point in time they still don’t know what to make of me. Tracks were recorded in a Santa Monica studio owned by Jackson Browne. Release and promotion. Dylan released a music video for the song Must Be Santa directed by Nash Edgerton. In the video, Dylan and some other people are having a Christmas house party, until two of the guests start fighting and smashing things around and one of them running away. In the closing scene, we see Dylan and Santa Claus. A music video was also released for the song Little Drummer Boy. A music video ecard was also released for the song Must Be Santa. Reception. Its collective score at Metacritic stands at 62 out of 100 based on 17 reviews, indicating generally favorable reviews. The unexpected move by Dylan to record a Christmas album was received with skepticism at first. The outcome of the project was lauded
Víctor Ruiz Torre Víctor Ruiz Torre (; born 25 January 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Valencia CF as a central defender. Club career. Born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Barcelona, Catalonia, Ruiz arrived in RCD Espanyol's youth system in 2006 at the age of 17, from neighbouring UE Cornellà. In 2008–09 he made his senior debuts, helping the reserve side win its Tercera División group and subsequently promote in the playoffs. On 6 December 2009 Ruiz made his debut with Espanyol's first team, starting and being booked in a 0–4 home loss against Racing de Santander. Coach Mauricio Pochettino, however, fielded him in a further 21 La Liga games that season, with the team finally ranking in 11th position; he added two goals, against Málaga CF (1–2 away defeat) and Atlético Madrid (3–0, home). In 2010–11, Ruiz played all the minutes for Espanyol in the first 15 rounds. On 31 January 2011 he was sold to S.S.C. Napoli for €6 million in a four 1/2-year contract, with the Italians also ceding the sporting rights to Jesús Dátolo, who was playing with the Spaniards on loan. On 30 August 2011 Ruiz returned to his country, penning a five-year deal with Valencia CF. He made his official debut on 10 September, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 home win against Atlético Madrid. International career. Shortly after making his professional debuts with Espanyol, Ruiz was called to the Spanish under-21 team by manager Luis Milla. On 8 February 2011, in the last minutes of a 2–1 friendly win with Denmark, he was sent off for punching Nicki Bille, who celebrated his goal in front of Ruiz's face.  
Maggie Stiefvater Maggie Stiefvater (born November 18, 1981) is a bestselling American author of young-adult/urban fantasy novels. She currently lives in Virginia. Early life. After being home-schooled from sixth grade on, Maggie Stiefvater attended Mary Washington College, graduating with a B.A. in history. After graduating, she worked as a portrait artist, specializing in equestrian art, which is collected internationally. She is married with two children. Writing career. Stiefvater published her first novel, Lament in 2008, after several years and many dozens of rejections. Before Lament had been released, she sold the rights to Ballad, the sequel to Lament, and to Shiver. Shiver was embraced by independent booksellers and overseas publishers, ultimately selling to more than 38 foreign territories. The Shiver Trilogy spent more than 40 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List. In 2010, Linger debuted at the number one spot on the New York Times Bestseller List. In 2010, Stiefvater was asked to speak at a TEDxNASA conference in Virginia and delivered a presentation called How Bad Teens Become Famous People. Music. Stiefvater is also known for her music. She played the highland bagpipes competitively while in college, and began a Celtic band, Ballynoola, that toured on the eastern seaboard. She plays multiple other instruments as well. With her sister, Kate Hummel, she writes and records a piece of music for each novel she releases. These are released to the public in the form of animated book trailers. Stiefvater is also known for drawing on guitars with Sharpie (marker)s and giving them away to fans at major events. Art. Before turning to writing full-time, Stiefvater was a professional portrait artist, specializing in colored pencil. For several years she was part of the Painting a Day movement made popular by Duane Keiser. She posted new art daily on her painting blog, Greywaren Art. She taught art workshops nationally and her art was featured in magazines such as Art Calendar, ACEO Magazine, Horses in Art and American Carriage Driver. Her art was also hung in exhibitions such as the Colored Pencil Society of America's International Exhibition and American Academy of Equine Art's National Exhibition. Stiefvater also animates the book trailers for each of her books, using both stop-motion animation and traditional animation techniques. Shiver. The dark-blonde-haired and brown-eyed Grace has always watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed grey-furred wolf — her wolf — has
Working class in the United States In the United States, the concept of a working class remains vaguely defined and is especially contentious. Since many members of the working class, as defined by academic models, are often identified in the vernacular as being middle class, there is considerable ambiguity over the term's meaning. Sociologists such as Dennis Gilbert and Joseph Kahl see the working class as the most populous in the United States, while other sociologists such as William Thompson, Joseph Hickey and James Henslin deem the lower middle class slightly more populous. In the class models devised by these sociologists, the working class comprises between 30% and 35% of the population, roughly the same percentages as the lower middle class. According to the class model by Dennis Gilbert, the working class comprises those between the 25th and 55th percentile of society. Those in the working class are commonly employed in clerical, retail sales and low-skill manual labor occupations. Low-level white-collar employees are included in this class. For purposes of political science, and less scientific or journalistic political analysis, defining the working class as less well educated workers is useful. One can then meaningfully analyze the political opinions and political behavior of, say, the white working class in the United States. In the case of the United States, for example, the white working class is often defined as white (i.e. non-Hispanic) workers who have not completed college. Recent history. Since the 1970s, economic and occupational insecurity have become a major problem for American workers, their families, and their communities. While out-sourcing, the busting and decline of unionization and welfare supports, and the rise of immigration, the prison-industrial complex and unemployment have brought increased competition and considerable economic insecurity to working-class employees in the traditional blue collar fields, there is an ever-increasing demand for service personnel, including clerical and retail occupations. Sociologist Gosta Esping-Anderson describes these supervised service occupations as junk jobs, as they fail to pay living wages in the face of asset and price inflation, they fail to pay benefits, they are often insecure, unstable, or temporary, and they provide little work control and little opportunity for skill development or advancement. In contrast to other expensive countries with higher proportions of quality jobs, the U.S. has developed an economy where two-thirds of jobs do not require or reward higher education; the other one-third of jobs consist largely in
Alleged plot to kidnap Pope Pius XII Several authors have alleged a plot to kidnap Pope Pius XII by the Nazis when they occupied Rome during World War II. SS General Karl Wolff stated that he had been ordered on September 13, 1943 to kidnap the Pope. Both British historian Owen Chadwick and Jesuit ADSS editor Robert A. Graham dismissed the existence of a plot as British wartime propaganda. Dan Kurzman, a former correspondent for the Washington Post, published a book in 2007 maintaining that the plot was serious. Sources alleging a plot. Karl Wolff. SS General Karl Wolff claimed while testifying at the Nuremberg Trials that he had disobeyed an order from Hitler to kidnap the Pope and instead sneaked into the Vatican to warn the Pontiff. Most other allegations of a plot to kidnap Pius XII are based on a claimed 1972 document written by Wolff that Avvenire d'Italia published in 1991 and on personal interviews with Wolff before his death in 1984. Wolff maintained that Hitler summoned Wolff to his office on September 13, 1943, and that Hitler stated: I have a special mission for you, Wolff. It will be your duty not to discuss it with anyone before I give you permission to do so. Only Reichsfuhrer (Himmler) knows about it. Do you understand? ... I want you and your troops to occupy Vatican City as soon as possible, secure its files and art treasures, and take the Pope and Curia to the north. I do not want him to fall into the hands of the Allies or to be under their political pressure and influence. The Vatican is already a nest of spies and a center of anti-National Socialist propaganda. Wolff's reliability has been questioned by Holocaust historians. Holocaust denier David Irving's use of Wolff as a source was one of the issues in Irving v Penguin Books and Lipstadt. Dan Kurzman and István Deák, a professor of history at Columbia University, debated the reliability of Wolff's testimony regarding the plot to kidnap Pius XII in a series of letters to the editor in The New York Review of Books, where Deák had previously reviewed A Special Mission. Deák wrote in his review: The main trouble with Kurzman's interesting book is the author's credulity; he uncritically accepts the validity of controversial documents and unquestioningly believes in the statements made to him by his principal
A. Senapathi Gounder A. Senapathi Gounder (9 September 1916 - 25 February 1992) was an Indian politician, former Member of Parliament India and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Palani Parliament constituency as a member of the Indian National Congress party in four consecutive times (1980, 1984, 1989 and 1991), his last term ending with his death. He was the candidate from Dharapuram constituency in 1952 and 1957 elections; candidate from Oddanchatram constituency in 1962 election; candidate from Kangayam constituency in 1967 election. He came from a village called Kuttappalayam in Kangayam taluka in the Tiruppur district. He was a member of the Mandradiar family and married into the Venadudayar family of the Pattakkarars. Among his ancestors were Dheeran Chinnamalai the famous freedom fighter. He was a founder of TRN Polytechnic college in Dharapuram and TRN ITI in Vellakovil His younger son K.S.Venugopal is M.L.A from Palani constituency in 2011 election  
The Whirlwind The Whirlwind is the third studio album by the band Transatlantic, released on 23 October 2009. It is available in three formats: a standard edition, a double disc special edition and a deluxe edition with a 105 minute making-of DVD. The main album, while indexed into twelve tracks, is considered one song. It is represented as one track on the band's third live album . The bonus disc (which comes with the Special and Deluxe Editions) includes eight new studio recordings: four original Transatlantic songs and four cover songs. At the end of the second disc, there is a hidden track by the band, played on ukulele with vocals. Personnel. Transatlantic Additional Musicians  
Ventricular aneurysm Ventricular aneurysms are one of the many complications that may occur after a heart attack (myocardial infarction). They usually arise from a patch of weakened tissue in a ventricular wall, which swells into a bubble filled with blood. This, in turn, may block the passageways leading out of the heart, leading to severely constricted blood flow to the body. Ventricular aneurysms can be fatal. They are usually non-rupturing because they are lined by scar tissue. Left ventricular aneurysm can be associated with ST elevation. Causes. Ventricular aneurysms are usually aftereffects of myocardial infarctions. When the heart muscle (cardiac muscle) partially dies during a heart attack, a layer of muscle may survive, and being severely weakened, start to become an aneurysm. The blood may flow into the surrounding dead muscle and inflate the weakened flap of muscle into a bubble. Effects. Ventricular aneurysms usually grow at a very slow pace, but can still pose problems. Usually this type of aneurysm grows in the left ventricle. This bubble has the potential to block blood flow to the body, and thus limit the patient's stamina. In other cases, a similarly developed pseudoaneurysm false aneurysm may burst, sometimes resulting in death of the patient. Also, blood clots may form on the inside of ventricular aneurysms, and form embolisms. If these blood clots escape from the aneurysm, they will be moved in the circulation throughout the body. If these blood clots get stuck inside a blood vessel, they may cause ischemia in a limb, a painful condition that can lead to reduced movement and tissue death in the limb. Alternatively, if they block a vessel going to the brain, they can cause a stroke. In certain cases, ventricular aneurysm may cause ventricular failure or arrythmia. At this stage, treatment is necessary. Treatment. Treatment is limited to surgery (ventricular reduction) for this defect of the heart. However, surgery is not required in most cases but, limiting the patient's physical activity levels to lower the risk of making the aneurysm bigger is advised.  
Peddamanushulu Peddamanushulu or Pedda Manushulu is a 1954 Telugu film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy. The film is themed on corruption, and portrays all Peddamanushulu (influential people) as corrupt. Plot. The main characters in the film are in the public service, most of them in corrupt, negative roles, and there are many villains instead of one main villain. Dharma Rao (Gowrinatha Sastry) is the Chairman of the municipality. The municipal contractor, a local businessman, and his associates make up the rest of the corrupt cast. They use their influence for their own personal ends in secret. The municipal counsellor, however, Ramadasu (Lingamurthy), who is also a newspaper editor, is honest and uncorrupted. What happens to all these characters makes up the plot of the movie. Awards. National Film Awards  
Nachiket Mor Nachiket Mor was the Chairman of the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth. Now is working at SughaVazhvu He is considered a financial services expert, and was a former deputy managing director of ICICI Bank. Early life. Nachiket Mor was born in Mumbai. He is a Yale World Fellow (2004); has a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania with a specialisation in Finance from the Wharton School; a Master’s degree in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and an undergraduate degree in Physics from the Mumbai University. Career. He started his career as an officer in the corporate planning and policy cell of ICICI Bank in 1987. While completing his Ph.D., he was associated with a Philadelphia based hedge fund (Quantitative Financial Strategies) for three years. He has worked with ICICI since 1987 in a variety of jobs, including Corporate Planning, Project Finance, Treasury and Rural Banking, and he was a member of ICICI Bank’s Board from 2001 to 2007. He was the President of ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth and quit in 2011 to start working on SughaVazhvu Healthcare. He studied Public Health in Yale in 2004. He is also a member of Government of India's TAGUP, which is overseeing roll out of major IT projects. He was involved in India’s rural and micro banking initiatives and has in-depth knowledge on banking and financial management in the country. He is a member of the Boards of Reserve Bank of India, CRISIL, RUDI (SEWA), FINO, IndiaMART, Shorecap Exchange (USA) and the India Advisory Board of Intuit (USA).He has been selected to head a committee for studying financial inclusion by newly appointed RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan.  
Kirātārjunīya Kirātārjunīya (, Of Arjuna and the Kirāta) is a Sanskrit kavya by Bhāravi, written in the 6th century or earlier. It is an epic poem in eighteen cantos describing the combat between Arjuna and lord Shiva in the guise of a kirāta or mountain-dwelling hunter. Along with the Naiṣadhacarita and the Shishupala Vadha, it is one of the larger three of the six Sanskrit mahakavyas, or great epics. It is noted among Sanskrit critics both for its gravity or depth of meaning, and for its forceful and sometimes playful expression. This includes a canto set aside for demonstrating linguistic feats, similar to constrained writing. Later works of epic poetry followed the model of the Kirātārjunīya. Synopsis. The Kirātārjunīya predominantly features the Vīra rasa, or the mood of valour. It expands upon a minor episode in the Vana Parva (Forest book) in the Mahabharata: While the Pandavas are exiled in the forest, Draupadi and Bhima incite Yudhisthira to declare war with the Kauravas, while he does not relent. Finally, Arjuna, at the instruction of Indra, propitiates god Shiva with penance (tapasya) in the forest. Pleased by his austerities, Shiva decides to reward him. When a demon named Muka, in the form of a wild boar, charges toward Arjuna, Shiva appears in the form of a Kirāta, a wild mountaineer. Arjuna and the Kirāta simultaneously shoot an arrow at the boar, and kill it. They argue over who shot first, and a battle ensues. They fight for a long time, and Arjuna is shocked that he cannot conquer this Kirāta. Finally, he recognises the god, and surrenders to him. Shiva, pleased with his bravery, gives him the powerful weapon, the Pashupatastra, which later in the Mahabharata aids him against Karna and the Kauravas during the Kurukshetra war. The following description of the work is from A. K. Warder. Bharavi's work begins with the word śrī (Fortune), and the last verse of every canto contains the synonym Lakshmi. In the first canto, a spy of the exiled king Yudhiṣṭhira arrives and informs him of the activities of the Kauravas. Yudhiṣṭhira informs the other Pandavas, and his wife Draupadi attempts to incite him to declare war, upbraiding him for stupidly accepting the exile rather than breaking the agreement and declaring war to regain what is rightfully theirs. In the second canto, Bhima supports Draupadi, pointing out that it would be shameful to
Roark Capital Group Roark Capital Group is an American private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies primarily in consumer and business services companies. Roark has historically focused on the franchise, food and restaurant, specialty retail, environmental services, waste management, and marketing services sectors. The firm is named for Howard Roark, the fictional protagonist in Ayn Rand's classic novel, The Fountainhead. History. The firm, which is based in Atlanta, Georgia, was founded in 2001 by the current Managing Partner, Neal Aronson. Prior to founding Roark Capital Group, Aronson was a co-founder of U.S. Franchise Systems (USFS), which was headed by Aronson's father-in-law, Mike Leven, and established to buy Microtel, a hotel chain then headquartered in Rochester, NY. USFS shortly thereafter also bought the franchising rights to Hawthorne Suites and later added the economy conversion brand, Best Inns (which later became America's Best Inns after USFS was bought out by Hyatt in 2000). Roark has raised approximately $3 billion since inception across three institutional private equity funds. The firm raised its first institutional fund in 2005 with $413 million. The firm's second fund was closed in 2008 with $1 billion of investor commitments. The firm's third institutional fund was closed in 2012 with $1.5 billion of investor commitments. Prior to its first fund, Roark raised capital on an as-needed basis, investing approximately $150m in seven companies from 2001 through 2005. Investments. Roark has acquired 25 businesses from the entrepreneurs who founded them and has invested in 21 franchise brands that together have generated more than $9 billion in system sales and have 45,000 points of distribution in all 50 U.S. states and 60 countries around the world. Roark's portfolio companies include:  
Walter Walsh Colonel Walter Rudolph Walsh (born May 4, 1907) is a former FBI agent, USMC shooting instructor and Olympic shooter. Walsh joined the FBI in 1934, serving during the Public enemy era, and was involved in several high-profile FBI cases, including the capture of Arthur Barker and the killing of Al Brady. He served in the Pacific theatre during World War II with the Marine Corps and, after a brief return to the FBI, served as a shooting instructor with the Marine Corps until his retirement in the 1970s. A high profile shooter, Walsh won numerous tournaments within the FBI and the Marine Corps, as well as nationally, and participated in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He received awards for his marksmanship until the age of 90 and served as the coach of the Olympic shooting team until 2000. At the FBI's 100th anniversary celebration he was recognized as the oldest living former agent and noted as being a year older than the organization itself. Aside from some hearing and memory loss, he remained physically fit at his 103rd birthday and, in March 2013, became the longest-lived Olympic competitor. Early life and FBI career. Walsh was born in Union City, New Jersey. He joined the Civilian Military Training Corps at age 16, and the New Jersey Army National Guard in 1928. After graduating from Rutgers Law School, Walsh joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1934. Later that year, he discovered the body of gangster Baby Face Nelson, who died of injuries sustained in a gun battle with the police in Barrington, Illinois on November 27, 1934. Nelson had killed two FBI agents prior to fleeing the scene, wounded, and later died at his wife's side. The FBI, unaware of Nelson's death, continued a broad search for him, which included several home raids, through the night and into the following day. The search was not called off until a tip led them to Nelson's body, which was lying in a ditch in what is now Skokie, Illinois. Walsh was on the team that captured criminal Arthur Barker, son of gangster Ma Barker, in Chicago in 1935 and was later involved in tracking Public Enemy Number One Al Brady in 1937. On October 12 of that year, he was with the group of FBI agents who ambushed and killed Brady in a shoot-out at a Bangor, Maine sporting goods store.
PolitiFact.com PolitiFact.com is a project operated by the Tampa Bay Times, in which reporters and editors from the Times and affiliated media outlets fact-check statements by members of Congress, the White House, lobbyists and interest groups. They publish original statements and their evaluations on the PolitiFact.com website, and assign each a Truth-O-Meter rating. The ratings range from True for completely accurate statements to Pants on Fire (from the taunt Liar, liar, pants on fire) for outright lies. The site also includes an Obameter, tracking President Barack Obama's performance with regard to his campaign promises, and a GOP Pledge-O-Meter, which tracks promises made by House Republicans in their Pledge to America. PolitiFact.com's local affiliates keep similar track of statements and figures of regional relevance, as evidenced by PolitiFact Tennessee's Haslam-O-Meter tracking Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam's efforts. PolitiFact has been both praised and criticized by independent observers, conservatives, and liberals alike. Conservative bias and liberal bias have been alleged, and criticisms have been made of attempts to fact-check statements that cannot be truly fact-checked. History. PolitiFact.com was started in August 2007 by Times Washington Bureau Chief Bill Adair, in conjunction with the Congressional Quarterly. Adair remains PolitiFact.com's editor. The Tampa Bay Times' senior reporter, Alex Leary, succeeded Bill Adair, as Bureau Chief, as of July 1, 2013. Bill Adair has been named, Knight Professor of the Practice of Journalism and Public Policy at Duke University. http://today.duke.edu/2013/04/adair In January 2010, PolitiFact.com expanded to its second newspaper, the Cox Enterprises-owned Austin American-Statesman in Austin, Texas; the feature, called PolitiFact Texas, covers issues that are relevant to Texas and the Austin area. In March 2010, the Times and its partner newspaper, The Miami Herald, launched PolitiFact Florida, which focuses on Florida issues. The Times and the Herald share resources on some stories that relate to Florida. Since then, PolitiFact.com expanded to other papers, such as The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Providence Journal, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, The Plain Dealer, Richmond Times-Dispatch, the Knoxville News Sentinel and The Oregonian. Lie of the Year. Since 2009, PolitiFact.com has declared one political statement from each year to be the Lie of the Year. 2009. In December 2009, they declared the Lie of the Year to be Sarah Palin's assertion that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2009 would lead to government death panels that dictated which types of patients would receive treatment. 2010. In December 2010, PolitiFact.com
Masi Bicycles Masi Bicycles is a manufacturer of road, track, cyclocross and commuter bicycles based in Vista, California, United States. History. Faliero Masi commenced making bicycle frames at the Vigorelli Velodrome in Milano in the 1950s, after a career as a professional racer and team mechanic. In 1973 his son Alberto took over the Vigorelli shop while Faliero and two assistants came to the US and began production at a new facility in Carlsbad, California after selling the Cicli Masi name and trademark to an American businessman, Roland Sahm. Later, Faliero returned to Italy. Disputes over volume production caused a break in relations between Masi and the US Masi investors. The ownership of the US trademark remained with the US operation, so the Masi family were unable to sell bikes in the US under their own name. Alberto Masi would later release bikes into the US under the Milano 3V name. The U.S. rights to the Masi name and logo is now owned by Haro Bikes. Many well-known and successful professional cyclists rode Masi bikes, such as Antonio Maspes, Fausto Coppi, Felice Gimondi, Jacques Anquetil and Eddy Merckx.  
Union between Sweden and Norway The Union between Sweden and Norway (, ), officially the United Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway, comprised present-day Sweden and Norway in a personal union under one monarch between 1814 and 1905. Following the Treaty of Kiel and the declaration of Norwegian independence from their previous union with Denmark, a brief war with Sweden resulted in the Convention of Moss on 14 August and the subsequent Norwegian constitutional revision of 4 November 1814. On the same day, the Norwegian parliament elected Charles XIII of Sweden as King of Norway. The events of 1814 resulted in a union of two sovereign states that had the same King, foreign policies, and diplomatic representations. Each had its own independent laws, parliament, government, administration, church, army, and currency. However, the King mostly resided in Stockholm, Swedes were initially viceroys in Norway, and foreign policy was conducted by the king through the Swedish foreign ministry in Stockholm. Later in the 19th century, a union cabinet consisting of ministers from both countries was called to discuss matters of foreign policy. On 7 July 1905, the union was unilaterally dissolved by the Norwegian parliament following the adoption of legislation to establish a separate Norwegian consular service, which was vetoed by King Oscar II. After negotiations in Karlstad, the peaceful dissolution of the union was formally recognized by Sweden on 26 October 1905. Prince Carl of Denmark was elected as king of Norway on 18 November—the country's first king of its own in five centuries—under the regnal name Haakon VII. Haakon arrived in Christiania on 23 November. Although Norway had legally possessed the status of an independent state since 1814, it considers 7 July 1905 to be its independence day. Background. Sweden and Norway had previously been united under the same crown on two occasions, from 1319 to 1343, and briefly from 1449 to 1450 in opposition to Christian of Oldenburg who was elected king of the Kalmar Union by the Danes. During the following centuries, Norway remained united with Denmark in a close union, nominally a kingdom, but in fact reduced to the status of a province, ruled by Danish kings from their capital Copenhagen. After the establishment of absolutism in 1660, a more centralised form of government was established, but Norway kept some separate institutions, including its own laws, army and coinage. The two united kingdoms are referred to as
Port Royal Port Royal was a city located at the end of the Palisadoes at the mouth of the Kingston Harbour, in southeastern Jamaica. Founded in 1518, it was the centre of shipping commerce in the Caribbean Sea during the latter half of the 17th century. It was destroyed by an earthquake in 1692 and a subsequent tsunami, and fires. Severe hurricanes have regularly damaged it. Another severe earthquake occurred in 1907. Port Royal was once home to privateers employed to nip at superpower Habsburg Spain's empire when smaller European powers dared not directly make war on Spain. As a port city, it was notorious for its gaudy displays of wealth and loose morals. It was a popular homeport for the English and Dutch sponsored privateers to spend their treasure during the 17th century. When those governments abandoned the practice of issuing letters of marque to privateers against the Spanish treasure fleets and possessions in the later 16th century, many of the crews turned pirate and used the city as their main base during the 17th century. Pirates from around the world congregated at Port Royal, coming from waters as far away as Madagascar. After the 1692 disaster, Port Royal's commercial role was steadily taken over by the town (and later, city) of Kingston. Current plans for Port Royal will redevelop the small fishing town into a tourist destination serviced by cruise ships. It is going to capitalize on its heritage, with archaeological findings at the heart of the attractions. Colonization of Port Royal. Taino. Situated at the western end of the Palisadoes sand spit that protects Kingston, Port Royal was well-positioned as a harbour. Its first occupants were the Taino Indians. They used the area, which they called Caguay or Caguaya, during their fishing expeditions. Although it is not known whether they ever settled at the spit, they did inhabit other parts of Jamaica. Spanish. The Spanish first landed in Jamaica under the leadership of Christopher Columbus in 1494. Permanent settlement occurred when Juan de Esquevil brought a group of settlers in 1509. They came in search of gold and silver but found none. Instead they began what they saw as a viable alternative: enslaving Taino to farm the sugar cane that Esquevil had transported from England with him. Much like the Taino before them, the Spanish did not appear to have much use for the Port Royal
Straße des 17. Juni The Straße des 17. Juni (, ) is a street in central Berlin, the capital of Germany. It is the western continuation of the Unter den Linden. It runs east-west through the Tiergarten, a large park to the west of the city centre. At the eastern end of the street is the Brandenburg Gate, it then passes the Soviet War Memorial before passing either side of Victory Column (Siegessäule) in the middle of the park, and out of the park through the Charlottenburg Gate, terminating about half a kilometre later at Ernst-Reuter-Platz. The street is a section of the main western thoroughfare radiating out from the centre of Berlin so the road continues to the west of Ernst-Reuter-Platz the first section of which is called Bismarkstrasse. Before 1953, the street was called Charlottenburger Chaussee, because it ran from the old city center (Berlin-Mitte) to the borough of Charlottenburg through the Tiergarten (Animal garden). It was made into a paved road in 1799, and owing to Berlin's rapid growth in the 19th century it became a major thoroughfare to the affluent western suburbs. At the outbreak of World War One in early August 1914, hundreds of thousands of Berliners cheered the military parade, which took place here At the outbreak of World War Two, no such scenes were seen, according to the American journalist and historian William L. Shirer, but after Adolf Hitler returned from his inspection of Paris in 1940, a huge victory parade was held. Charlottenburger Chausee was a part of the Ost-West-Achse (East-West Axis), which during the Nazis became a triumphal avenue lined with Nazi flags. During the Nazi era, the boulevard was made broader and the old Prussian Victory Column was moved from in front of the Reichstag to the roundabout in the middle of the Tiergarten, where it has remained since 1938. In the last weeks of World War II, when Berlin's airports were unusable, it was used as a landing strip. In 1953, the street was renamed Straße des 17. Juni, to commemorate the uprising of the East Berliner workers on 17 June 1953, when the Red Army and GDR Volkspolizei shot protesting workers. The street has in recent years been used for mega-events such as Love parade or live8. In 2006, the street was closed for six weeks to use it as Fanmeile (fan mile) during the 2006 Football
Seriema The seriemas are the sole extant members of the small and ancient clade Cariamidae, which is also the sole surviving lineage of the Cariamae group. Once believed to be related to cranes, they have been placed by one recent study near the falcons, parrots and passerines, as well as the extinct terror birds. The seriemas are large, long-legged terrestrial birds that range from 70 to 90 cm. They live in grasslands, savanna, dry woodland and open forests of Brazil, Bolivia, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. There are two species of seriemas, the Red-legged Seriema (Cariama cristata) and the Black-legged Seriema (Chunga burmeisteri). Names for these birds in the Tupian languages are siriema, sariama, çariama, which are explained as meaning crested (New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary). Taxonomy and systematics. There are two species of seriemas, the Red-legged Seriema, or Crested Cariama ( Cariama cristata) that is found from eastern Brazil, to central Argentina. It is bigger and nests on the ground or in bushes or trees up to above the ground. In the other hand, the Black-legged Seriema ( Chunga burmeisteri) is found in northwest Argentina and Paraguay. It nests in trees. The two extant species of seriema are thought to be the closest living relatives of a group of gigantic (up to tall) carnivorous terror birds, the phorusrhacids, which are known from fossils from South and North America. Several other related groups, such as the idiornithids and bathornithids were part of Palaeogene faunas in North America and Europe and possibly elsewhere too. However, the fossil record of the seriemas themselves is not good, with a single prehistoric species (Chunga incerta) having been described to date. Some of the fossils from the Eocene fauna of the Messel Pit (i.e. Salimia and Idiornis) have also been suggested to be seriemas, though their status remains uncertain. Description. Both species are around long (the Red-legged Seriema is slightly bigger than the Black-legged, with 90 and 70-85 cm respectively). They forage on foot and run from danger rather than fly (though they can fly for short distances, and they roost in trees). They have long legs, necks, and tails, but only short wings, reflecting their way of life. They are among the largest ground-dwelling birds endemic of the Neotropics (only behind rheas). They are brownish birds with short bills and erectile crests, found on fairly dry open country, the Red-legged Seriema preferring grasslands and
Rivers of Blood speech Enoch Powell's address to the General Meeting of the West Midlands Area Conservative Political Centre (commonly called Rivers of Blood speech) on 20 April 1968 was a speech criticising Commonwealth immigration, and anti-discrimination legislation that had been proposed in the United Kingdom. Enoch Powell (1912–1998) was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South West. Though Powell referred to the speech as the Birmingham speech, it is otherwise known as the Rivers of Blood speech, a title derived from its allusion to a line from Virgil's Aeneid. Although the phrase rivers of blood does not appear in the speech, the name alludes to the line, As I look ahead, I am filled with foreboding; like the Roman, I seem to see 'the River Tiber foaming with much blood.' The speech caused a political storm, making Powell one of the most talked about, though divisive, politicians in the country, and leading to his controversial dismissal from the Shadow Cabinet by Conservative party leader Edward Heath. According to most accounts, the popularity of Powell's perspective on race may have played a decisive contributory factor in the Conservatives' surprise victory in the 1970 general election, and he became one of the most persistent rebels opposing the subsequent Heath government. Background. Powell made the speech on 20 April 1968 at 14:30 in the Midland Hotel (later known as The Burlington Hotel), on New Street in Birmingham, to a meeting of the Conservative Political Centre. The Labour government's Race Relations Bill 1968 was to have its second reading the following Tuesday, and the Conservative Opposition had tabled an amendment significantly weakening its provisions. The Bill was a successor to the Race Relations Act 1965. The Birmingham-based television company ATV saw an advance copy of the speech on the Saturday morning, and its news editor ordered a television crew to go to the venue, where they filmed sections of the speech. Earlier in the week, Powell said to his friend Clement Jones, who was a journalist at the Wolverhampton Express & Star, I'm going to make a speech at the weekend and it's going to go up 'fizz' like a rocket; but whereas all rockets fall to the earth, this one is going to stay up. The speech. Powell recounted a conversation with one of his constituents, a middle-aged working man, a few weeks earlier. Powell said that the man told
Conjugate transpose In mathematics, the conjugate transpose, Hermitian transpose, Hermitian conjugate, bedaggered matrix, or adjoint matrix of an m-by-n matrix ' with complex entries is the n-by-m matrix '* obtained from  by taking the transpose and then taking the complex conjugate of each entry (i.e., negating their imaginary parts but not their real parts). The conjugate transpose is formally defined by where the subscripts denote the i,j-th entry, for 1 ≤ i ≤ n and 1 ≤ j ≤ m, and the overbar denotes a scalar complex conjugate. (The complex conjugate of formula_2, where a and b are reals, is formula_3.) This definition can also be written as where formula_5 denotes the transpose and formula_6 denotes the matrix with complex conjugated entries. Other names for the conjugate transpose of a matrix are Hermitian conjugate, or transjugate. The conjugate transpose of a matrix  can be denoted by any of these symbols: In some contexts, formula_7 denotes the matrix with complex conjugated entries, and the conjugate transpose is then denoted by formula_12 or formula_13. Example. If then Basic remarks. A square matrix  with entries formula_16 is called Even if ' is not square, the two matrices '*' and '* are both Hermitian and in fact positive semi-definite matrices. The conjugate transpose adjoint matrix '* should not be confused with the adjugate adj('), which is also sometimes called adjoint. Finding the conjugate transpose of a matrix ' with real entries reduces to finding the transpose of ', as the conjugate of a real number is the number itself. Motivation. The conjugate transpose can be motivated by noting that complex numbers can be usefully represented by 2×2 real matrices, obeying matrix addition and multiplication: That is, denoting each complex number z by the real 2×2 matrix of the linear transformation on the Argand diagram (viewed as the real vector space formula_20) affected by complex z-multiplication on formula_21. An m-by-n matrix of complex numbers could therefore equally well be represented by a 2m-by-2n matrix of real numbers. The conjugate transpose therefore arises very naturally as the result of simply transposing such a matrix, when viewed back again as n-by-m matrix made up of complex numbers. Generalizations. The last property given above shows that if one views ' as a linear transformation from Euclidean Hilbert space formula_23 to formula_24, then the matrix '* corresponds to the adjoint operator of . The concept
Fort Christina Fort Christina (later renamed Fort Altena; ) was the first Swedish settlement in North America and the principal settlement of the New Sweden colony. Built in 1638 and named after Queen Christina of Sweden, it was located approximately 1 mi (1.6 km) east of the present downtown Wilmington, Delaware, at the confluence of the Brandywine Creek and the Christina River, approximately 2 mi (3 km) upstream from the mouth of the Christina on the Delaware River. History. The Dutch, as part of the New Netherland colony, maintained a factorij at Fort Nassau. A settlement along south side of Delaware Bay at Zwaanendael (near present-day Lewes) was attempted in 1631, but the colony was attacked and destroyed the following year by Native Americans. Following plans by King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden to establish a Swedish colony in North America, the Swedes arrived in Delaware Bay on March 29, 1638 aboard the ships Kalmar Nyckel and Fogel Grip under the command of Peter Minuit, the former director general of the New Netherland colony. They landed at a spot along the Christina River at the present site of Old Swedes Church in Wilmington. Minuit selected the site on the Christina River near the Delaware as being optimal for trade in beaver pelts with the local Lenape. At the time, the Dutch had claimed the area south to the Delaware (then called South River). The Swedes claimed an area for the Realm of Sweden on the south side of the Delaware that encompassed much of the present-day U.S. state of Delaware, eventually including parts of present-day southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey on the north side of the river. The colony remained in constant friction with the Dutch. In 1651, the Dutch under Peter Stuyvesant established Fort Casimir at present-day New Castle, only 7 mi (12 km) south of Fort Christina, in order to menace the Swedish settlement. In 1654, the Swedes captured Fort Casimir, but the following year in 1655, the Dutch took control of New Sweden, ending the official Swedish colonial presence in North America and renaming the fort 'Fort Altena'. The land remained as part of New Netherland until it became part of the English possessions when an English fleet invaded the area in 1664. The site was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961. It is now preserved as Fort Christina State Park on E. 7th Street
Soviet imperialism The informal term Soviet Empire is used by critics of the Soviet Union to refer to that country's perceived imperialist foreign policy during the Cold War. These nations were independent countries with separate governments that set their own policies, but those policies had to remain within certain limits decided by the Soviet Union. Failure to stay within the limits could result in military intervention by the Warsaw Pact. Countries in this situation are often called satellite states. This arrangement was always unofficial, and the Soviet government always denied having any power over other countries. Though the Soviet Union was not ruled by an emperor and declared itself anti-imperialist, critics argue that it exhibited tendencies common to historic empires. Some scholars hold that the Soviet Union was a hybrid entity containing elements common to both multinational empires and nation states. It has also been argued that the USSR practiced colonialism as did other imperial powers. Influence. The Soviet Empire is considered to have included the following: The Soviet Union and its satellite states. These countries were the closest allies of the Soviet Union. They were members of the Comecon, a Soviet-led economic community founded in 1949. In addition, the ones located in Eastern Europe were also members of the Warsaw Pact. They were sometimes called the Eastern bloc in English and were widely viewed as Soviet satellite states. Soviet involvement in the Third World. Some countries in the Third World had pro-Soviet governments during the Cold War. In the political terminology of the Soviet Union, these were countries moving along the socialist road of development, as opposed to the more advanced countries of developed socialism, which were mostly located in Eastern Europe, but also included Vietnam and Cuba. Most received some aid, either military or economic, from the Soviet Union, and were influenced by it to varying degrees. Sometimes, their support for the Soviet Union eventually stopped, for various reasons; in some cases the pro-Soviet government lost power, in other cases the pro-Soviet forces were overthrown by military coups promoted by the United States (such as in Chile and Brazil), in some cases the pro-Soviet forces gained power by military aid from the Soviet Union (such as in Vietnam), while in other cases the same government remained in power but ended its alliance with the Soviet Union. Some of these countries were not communist states. They are marked
Reichstag building The Reichstag building (; officially: Plenarbereich Reichstagsgebäude) is a historical edifice in Berlin, Germany, constructed to house the Imperial Diet (German: Reichstag), of the German Empire. It was opened in 1894 and housed the Diet until 1933, when it was severely damaged in a fire. After World War II, the building fell into disuse; the parliament of the German Democratic Republic (the Volkskammer) met in the Palast der Republik in East Berlin, while the parliament of the Federal Republic of Germany (the Bundestag) met in the Bundeshaus in Bonn. The ruined building was made safe against the elements and partially refurbished in the 1960s, but no attempt at full restoration was made until after German reunification on 3 October 1990, when it underwent a reconstruction led by architect Norman Foster. After its completion in 1999, it once again became the meeting place of the German parliament: the modern Bundestag. The term Reichstag, when used to connote a diet, dates back to the Holy Roman Empire. The building was built for the Diet (German: Reichstag) of the German Empire, which was succeeded by the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic. The latter would become the Reichstag of Nazi Germany, which left the building (and ceased to act as a parliament) after the 1933 fire and never returned; the term Reichstag has not been used by German parliaments since World War II. In today's usage, the German word Reichstag (Imperial Diet Building) refers mainly to the building, while Bundestag (Federal Diet) refers to the institution. History of the building. Construction of the building began well after the unification of Germany in 1871. Previously, the parliament had assembled in several other buildings in Leipziger Straße in Berlin but these were generally considered too small, so in 1872 an architectural contest with 103 participating architects was carried out to erect a new building. After a short survey of possible sites, a parliamentary committee recommended the east side of the Königsplatz (today, Platz der Republik), which however was occupied by the derelict palace of a Polish-Prussian aristsocrat, Athanasius Raczyński. Work did not start until ten years later though, owing to various problems with purchasing the property and arguments between Wilhelm I, Otto von Bismarck, and the members of the Reichstag about how the construction should be performed. After lengthy negotiations, the Raczyński Palace was purchased and demolished, making way for the new building.
Seahenge Seahenge, which is also known as Holme I, was a prehistoric monument located in the village of Holme-next-the-Sea, near Old Hunstanton in the English county of Norfolk. A timber circle with an upturned tree root in the centre, Seahenge was apparently built in the 21st century BC, during the early Bronze Age in Britain, most likely for ritual purposes. The site consisted of an outer ring comprising fifty-five small split oak trunks forming a roughly circular enclosure around . Rather than being placed in individual holes, the timbers had been arranged around a circular construction trench. Their split sides faced inwards and their bark faced outwards (with one exception where the opposite is the case). One of the trunks on the south western side had a narrow Y fork in it, permitting access to the central area. Another post had been placed outside this entrance, which would have prevented anyone from seeing inside. The timbers were set in ground to a depth of from the contemporary surface although how far they originally extended upwards is not known. In the centre of the ring was a large inverted oak stump. Although the henge's existence had been common knowledge amongst locals for several decades, Seahenge received its name from the press in 1998, who named it after the more famous prehistoric structure Stonehenge in Wiltshire, and was picked up by the local and national media, inducing a great deal of publicity around its excavation. This was only increased due to the protests held against the excavation by both locals, who wanted it to remain as a tourist site, and Neopagans, who believed that the removal of the structure was an insult to the religious beliefs of its original builders. Construction. Seahenge was constructed during the Early Bronze Age, a period of time that saw the increasing adoption of agriculture and sedentary living in Britain. Using a variety of scientific techniques, archaeologists have come to the conclusion that the trees used in the construction of the monument had all been felled in the same year, 2049 BC, whilst the condition of the sapwood indicated that it had been cut down in spring or early summer. According to writer Charlie Watson, Confirming that all the trees had been felled at the same time suggested strongly that the building of the circle was a single event. Further, a great amount of work, would
Flag Fen Flag Fen near Peterborough, England is a Bronze Age site, probably religious. It comprises over 60,000 timbers arranged in five very long rows (around 1 km) connecting Whittlesey Island with Peterborough across the wet fenland. Part way across the structure, a small island was formed which is where it is presumed that the religious ceremonies occurred. Dendrochronological dating provides a date of 1365–967 BC. There was great environmental change during this period. The land began to get wetter due to floods becoming more common as a result of more rainy seasons. Due to this, people were losing the land on which they farmed, causing great alarm for the nearby populations. In the 10th century BC the ground level was much lower than today, increasing around 1 mm (0.039 inches) per year as autumnal debris is added to the surface of the fens. This caused the structure to be covered up and preserved. The anaerobic conditions found in the waterlogged soil prevented the timbers and other wooden objects from rotting away. The site was first discovered in 1982 when a team led by Francis Pryor carried out a survey of dykes in the area funded by English Heritage. Due to extensive drainage of the surrounding area, many of the timbers are drying out and are threatened with destruction. Archaeologists are studying it and there is a well-organised visitor centre there with museum and exhibitions. In the preservation hall one section of the timbers is preserved in-situ and prevented from drying out by misting with water. Also at the site are reconstructions of two Bronze Age roundhouses and one from the Iron Age. There is also an exposed section of the Roman road known as the Fen Causeway which crosses the site and a reconstruction of a Prehistoric droveway. One section of the poles is being preserved by replacing the cellulose in the wood with water carried wax impregnating of the wood over the years. This technique is also being used to preserve Seahenge. Another preservation technique used for timbers found at the site is freeze drying. In the surrounding water of Flag Fen votive offerings have been found, e.g., daggers broken in half placed on top of each other. This supports the theory that Flag Fen was a site involved in religious rites, as great wealth was being thrown into the water. One theory, is that these were
Aeon Flux Æon Flux is originally an avant-garde science fiction animated television series that aired on MTV in various forms throughout the 1990s, with film, comic book, and video game adaptations following thereafter. It premiered in 1991 on MTV's Liquid Television experimental animation show as a six-part serial of short films, followed in 1992 by five individual short episodes. In 1995, a season of ten half-hour episodes aired as a stand-alone series, rated TV-14. Æon Flux was created by Korean American animator Peter Chung (who also created the character designs for Phantom 2040, which used a similar animation style as Æon Flux). A live action motion picture loosely based upon the series and starring Charlize Theron was released in theaters on December 2, 2005, preceded in November of that year by a tie-in video game based mostly on the movie but containing some elements of the original TV series. The title is based on the Gnostic notion of an Æon – emanations of God – specifically the Valentinian notion of a syzygy, a sexually complementary pair of emanations, here the two main characters. The Gnostic influence is also present in the use of a demiurge in one episode. Production. Background. Æon Flux is set in a bizarre, dystopian future world. The title character is a tall, leather-clad secret agent from the nation of Monica, skilled in assassination and acrobatics. Her mission is to infiltrate the strongholds of the neighboring country of Bregna, which is led by her sometimes-nemesis and sometimes-lover Trevor Goodchild. Monica represents a dynamic anarchist society, while Bregna embodies a police state—referred to on one occasion as a republic by Goodchild. The names of their respective characters reflect this: Flux as the self-directed agent from Monica and Goodchild as the technocratic leader of Bregna. Although Bregna is shown to be repressive, in the first full-length episode, Utopia or Deuteranopia?, Clavius, the president deposed by Goodchild, is described by a questioning journalist as having been democratically elected. In the same episode, an upper house of parliament is also mentioned by the character Gildemere. Graphic violence and sexuality, including fetishism and domination, are frequently depicted in Æon Flux. In the featurette Investigation: The History of Æon Flux (included on the 2005 DVD release), Peter Chung says the visual style was also influenced by the animated series Rugrats; Chung had worked on Rugrats prior to Æon Flux and had been
Society of the Cincinnati The Society of the Cincinnati is an historical, hereditary lineage organization with branches in the United States and France, founded in 1783 to preserve the ideals and fellowship of the American Revolutionary War officers. The city of Cincinnati, Ohio, then a small village, was named after the Society. Now in its third century, the Society promotes public interest in the American Revolution through its library and museum collections, exhibitions, programs, publications, and other activities. Origins. The concept of the Society of the Cincinnati was started by Major General Henry Knox. The first meeting of the Society was held in May 1783 at a dinner at Mount Gulian (Verplanck House) in Fishkill, New York, before the British evacuation from New York City. The meeting was chaired by Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Hamilton, and the participants agreed to stay in contact with each other after the war. Membership was generally limited to officers who had served at least three years in the Continental Army or Navy; it included officers of the French Army and Navy above certain ranks. Later in a system of primogeniture, membership was passed down to the eldest son after the death of the original member. Present-day hereditary members generally must be descended from an officer who served in the Continental Army or Navy for at least three years, from an officer who died or was killed in service, or from an officer serving at the close of the Revolution. Each officer may be represented by only one descendant at any given time, following the rules of primogeniture. (The rules of eligibility and admission are controlled by each of the 14 Constituent Societies to which members are admitted. They differ slightly in each society, and some allow more than one descendant of an eligible officer.)(The requirement for primogeniture made the society controversial in its early years, as the new states quickly did away with laws supporting primogeniture and others associated with the English feudal system.) The Society is named after Lucius Quinctius Cincinnatus, who left his farm to accept a term as Roman Consul and served as Magister Populi (with temporary powers similar to that of a modern-era dictator). He assumed lawful dictatorial control of Rome to meet a war emergency. When the battle was won, he returned power to the Senate and went back to plowing his fields. The Society's motto reflects that ethic
Angraecum The genus Angraecum, abbreviated as Angcm in horticultural trade, common name Angrek (Indonesian and Malay) or Comet Orchid, contains about 220 species, some of them among most magnificent of all orchids. They are quite varied vegetatively and florally and are adapted to dry tropical woodland habitat and have quite fleshy leaves as a consequence. Most are epiphytes, but a few are lithophytes. Tropical Africa and Madagascar contain the majority of the genus with one outlier found on Sri Lanka, and three species once thought to belong to the genus in Japan and the Philippines. But these orchids can also be found on the Comoros, the Seychelles, and the Mascarenes. They occur between sea level and 2,000m in humid regions. The long-lasting flowers are racemose and grow from the leaf axils. They are mostly white, but a few are yellow, green or ochre. They all have a long spur at the back of the labellum (lip). In the case of Angraecum sesquipedale, a species from Madagascar, on observing the 30 cm spur in the lip, Charles Darwin made the hypothesis that, since the nectar was at the bottom of the spur, a pollinator must exist with a tongue at least that long. Otherwise the orchid could never be pollinated. At the time, he was not believed. However, in 1903, the predicted pollinator was discovered, a hawk moth then named Xanthopan morganii praedicta (praedicta meaning the predicted one). It has an appropriately long proboscis. The specific name sesquipedale means one foot and a half, referring to the length of the spur. This is a perfect example of mutual dependence of an orchid and a specific pollinator. Angraecum Conservation. Many species of Angraecum orchid are considered to be at risk of extinction in the wild and are protected from international trade under CITES. The genus Angraecum is listed as one of the top conservation priorities by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN) Orchid Specialist Group. Many of the species, such as Angraecum sororium, are endemic to Madagascar and are threatened from over collecting, loss of hawkmoth pollinators, habitat fragmentation, and fire. Growing Angraecums. Much like all other orchids, Angraecums have no need for special care or attention. Like all other orchids it is best to water in the mornings to avoid fungal rot due to overnight dampness. Feeding as per other orchids and similar light conditions:
Monopodial Vascular plants with monopodial growth habits grow upward from a single point. They add leaves to the apex each year and the stem grows longer accordingly. The word Monopodial is derived from Greek mono-, one and podial, foot, in reference to the fact that monopodial plants have a single trunk or stem. Orchids with monopodial growth often produce copious aerial roots that often hang down in long drapes and have green chlorophyll underneath the grey root coverings, which are used as additional photosynthetic organs. They do not have a rhizome or pseudobulbs so species adapted to dry periods have fleshy succulent leaves instead. Flowers generally come from the stem between the leaves. With some monopodial species, the stem (the rhizome) might fork into two, but for all monopodial orchids this is not necessary for continued growth, as opposed to orchids with sympodial growth.  
Comorbidity In medicine, comorbidity is either the presence of one or more disorders (or diseases) in addition to a primary disease or disorder, or the effect of such additional disorders or diseases. In medicine, the term comorbid can be either medical condition(s) existing simultaneously but independently with another condition, —or it can indicate medical condition(s) in a patient that are related to another condition. In psychiatric diagnoses it has been argued in part that this 'use of imprecise language may lead to correspondingly imprecise thinking', this usage of the term 'comorbidity' should probably be avoided. In medicine. In medicine, comorbidity describes the effect of all other diseases an individual patient might have other than the primary disease of interest. Many tests attempt to standardize the weight or value of comorbid conditions, whether they are secondary or tertiary illnesses. Each test attempts to consolidate each individual comorbid condition into a single, predictive variable that measures mortality or other outcomes. Researchers have validated such tests because of their predictive value, but no one test is as yet recognized as a standard. The term comorbid has two definitions: Charlson index. The Charlson comorbidity index predicts the ten-year mortality for a patient who may have a range of comorbid conditions, such as heart disease, AIDS, or cancer (a total of 22 conditions). Each condition is assigned a score of 1, 2, 3, or 6, depending on the risk of dying associated with each one. Scores are summed to provide a total score to predict mortality. Many variations of the Charlson comorbidity index have been presented, including the Charlson/Deyo, Charlson/Romano, Charlson/Manitoba, and Charlson/D'Hoores comorbidity indices. Clinical conditions and associated scores are as follows: For a physician, this score is helpful in deciding how aggressively to treat a condition. For example, a patient may have cancer with comorbid heart disease and diabetes. These comorbidities may be so severe that the costs and risks of cancer treatment would outweigh its short-term benefit. Since patients often do not know how severe their conditions are, nurses were originally supposed to review a patient's chart and determine whether a particular condition was present in order to calculate the index. Subsequent studies have adapted the comorbidity index into a questionnaire for patients. Elixhauser comorbidity measure. The Elixhauser comorbidity measure was developed using administrative data from a statewide California inpatient database from all non-federal inpatient community hospital stays in California (n
Length of stay Length of stay (LOS) is a term commonly used to measure the duration of a single episode of hospitalization. Inpatient days are calculated by subtracting day of admission from day of discharge. However, persons entering and leaving a hospital on the same day have a length of stay of one. (See hospital.) A popular statistic associated with length of stay is the average length of stay (ALOS), calculated by dividing the sum of inpatient days by the number of patients admissions with the same DRG classification. A variation in the calculation of ALOS could be consider only length of stay during the period under analysis. The prospective payment system in U.S. Medicare for reimbursing hospital care promotes shorter LOS by paying the same amount for procedures, regardless of days spent in the hospital. The term Average length of stay ALOS is also applicable to other industries e.g. entertainment, event marketing, trade show and leisure. ALOS is used to determine the length of time an attendee is expected to spend on a site or in a venue and is part of the calculation used to determine the gross sales potential for selling space to vendors etc. and affects everything from parking to sanitation, staffing and food and beverage. Almost all operational aspects can be altered by an attendee's ALOS.  
Sizar At Trinity College, Dublin and the University of Cambridge, a sizar is a student who receives some form of assistance such as meals, lower fees or lodging during his or her period of study, in some cases in return for doing a defined job. Etymology. The word is thought to derive from the sizes or sizings (in turn a shortened form of assize), which were the specified portions of food and drink made available at a fixed price at the college. One of the sizar's duties was, historically, to fetch the sizes for his colleagues. History. According to Alumni Dublinenses from 1935, most students entered Trinity College, Dublin as pensioners; in other words, they paid a fixed sum annually. The other two categories were sizars and fellow commoners (Socii Comitates). Sizars were allowed free education in consideration of performing certain, at one time menial, duties; fellow commoners paid double fees and enjoyed several privileges, including that of finishing the College course in three years instead of four; sizars were sons of poor parents, frequently the clergy. According to William Howitt, writing in 1847 with reference to Oliver Goldsmith: Trinity College, Dublin, is a noble structure; and, with its spacious courts and extensive gardens, more fittingly deserving the name of parks, one would think a place where the years of studentship might — especially in the heart of such a city — be very agreeably spent. But Goldsmith entered there under circumstances that were irksome to him, and to add to the matter, he met with a brute in his tutor. The family income did not allow him to occupy a higher rank than that of a sizer, or poor scholar, and this was mortifying to his sensitive mind. The sizer wears a black gown of coarse stuff without sleeves, a plain black cloth cap without a tassel, and dines at the fellows' table after they have retired. It was at that period far worse; they wore red caps to distinguish them, and were compelled to perform derogatory offices; to sweep the courts in the morning, carry up the dishes from the kitchen to the fellows' table, and wait in the hall till they had dined. No wonder that a mind like that of Goldsmith's writhed under the degradation! He has recorded his own feelings and opinions on this custom: Sure pride itself has dictated to the fellows of
Self-modifying code In computer science, self-modifying code is code that alters its own instructions while it is executing - usually to reduce the instruction path length and improve performance or simply to reduce otherwise repetitively similar code, thus simplifying maintenance. Self modification is an alternative to the method of 'flag setting' and conditional program branching, used primarily to reduce the number of times a condition needs to be tested for. The term is usually only applied to code where the self-modification is intentional, not in situations where code accidentally modifies itself due to an error such as a buffer overflow. The method is frequently used for conditionally invoking test/debugging code without requiring additional computational overhead for every input/output cycle. The modifications may be performed:- In either case, the modifications may be performed directly to the machine code instructions themselves, by overlaying new instructions over the existing ones (for example: altering a compare and branch to an unconditional branch or alternatively a 'NOP'). In the IBM/360 and Z/Architecture instruction set, an EXECUTE (EX) instruction overlays its target instruction (in its 2nd byte) with the lowest order 8 bits of register 1, as a standard, legitimate method of (temporary) instruction modification. Application in low and high level languages. Self-modification can be accomplished in a variety of ways depending upon the programming language and its support for pointers and/or access to dynamic compiler or interpreter 'engines': Assembly language. Self-modifying code is quite straightforward to implement when using assembly language. Instructions can be dynamically created in memory (or else overlaid over existing code in non-protected program storage), in a sequence equivalent to the ones that a standard compiler may generate as the object code (/binary file). With modern processors, there can be unintended side effects on the CPU cache that must be considered. The method was frequently used for testing 'first time' conditions, as in this suitably commented IBM/360 assembler example. It uses instruction overlay to reduce the instruction path length by (N x 1)-1 where N is the number of records on the file (-1 being the overhead to perform the overlay). codice_1 In later Operating systems for programs residing in protected storage this technique could not be used and so changing the pointer to the subroutine would be used instead. The pointer would reside in dynamic storage and could be altered at will after the first pass to bypass the OPEN
Bamboo Curtain The Bamboo Curtain is a Cold War euphemism for the political demarcation between the Communist and capitalist and non-communist states of East Asia, particularly the People's Republic of China. The term was less often applied to the Korean Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea and the flexible Southeast Asia border between Communism and the West (here referring to the forces aligned against Communism during the Cold War). During the Cultural Revolution in China, the Chinese authorities put its sections of the Curtain under a lock-down of sorts, forbidding entry into or passage out of the country without explicit permission from the Chinese government. Many would-be refugees attempting to flee to capitalist countries were prevented from escaping in this manner. Occasional relaxations had led to several waves of influx of refugees into the then British crown colony of Hong Kong. The term Bamboo Curtain was used less often than the term Iron Curtain in part because while the latter remained relatively static for over 40 years, the former shifted constantly and was somewhat more porous. It was also a less accurate description of the political situation in Asia because of the lack of cohesion within the East Asian Communist Bloc, which ultimately resulted in the Sino-Soviet split; The Communist governments of Mongolia, Vietnam and later Laos were allies of the Soviet Union, while Cambodia's regime of Pol Pot was loyal to China. Shortly after the Korean War, North Korea swore allegiance to neither the USSR nor China (this refusal to take sides by North Korea continues today, though now in the opposite direction: North Korea proclaims solidarity with both Russia and China). Improved relations between China and the United States during the later years of the Cold War rendered the term more or less obsolete, except when it referred to the Korean Peninsula and the divide between allies of the US and allies of the USSR in Southeast Asia. Today, the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea is typically described as the DMZ. Bamboo Curtain is used most often to refer to the enclosed borders and economy of Burma.  
Vanda Vanda is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) which, although not large (about fifty species), is one of the most important florally. This genus and its allies are considered to be the most highly evolved of all orchids within Orchidaceae. The genus is very highly prized in horticulture for its showy, fragrant, long lasting, and intensely colorful flowers. Biology. The name Vanda is derived from the Sanskrit name for the species Vanda tessellata. These mostly epiphytic, but sometimes lithophytic or terrestrial orchids are distributed in India, Himalaya, SE Asia, Indonesia, the Philippines, New Guinea, southern China and northern Australia. The genus has a monopodial growth habit with leaves that are highly variable according to habitat. Some have flat, typically broad, ovoid leaves (strap-leaves), while others have cylindrical (terete), fleshy leaves and are adapted to dry periods. The stems of these orchids vary considerably in size; there are miniature plants and plants with a length of several meters. The plants can become quite massive in habitat and in cultivation, and epiphytic species possess very large, rambling aerial root systems. There are few to many flattened flowers growing on a lateral inflorescence. Most show a yellow-brown color with brown markings, but they also appear in white, green, orange, red and burgundy shades. The lip has a small spur. Vandas usually bloom every few months and the flowers last for two to three weeks. Many Vanda orchids (especially Vanda coerulea) are endangered, and have never been common because they are usually only infrequently encountered in habitat and grow only in disturbed forest areas with high light levels, and are severely threatened and vulnerable to habitat destruction. The export of wild-collected specimens of the Blue Orchid (Vanda coerulea) and other wild Vandas is prohibited worldwide, as all orchids are listed on Appendix II of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species. Cultivation. This genus is one of the five most horticulturally important orchid genera, because it has some of the most magnificent flowers to be found in the entire orchid family. This has contributed much to the work of hybridists producing flowers for the cut flower market. Vanda coerulea is one of the few botanical orchids which can produces varieties with blue flowers (actually a very bluish purple), a property much appreciated for producing interspecific and intergeneric hybrids. The color blue is rare among orchids, and only Thelymitra crinita, a
Music therapy Music therapy is the clinical and evidence-based use of music interventions to accomplish individualized goals within a therapeutic relationship by a credentialed professional who has completed an approved music therapy program. Music therapy is an allied health profession and one of the expressive therapies, consisting of an interpersonal process in which a certified music therapist uses music and all of its facets—physical, emotional, mental, social, aesthetic, and spiritual—to help clients to improve or maintain their health. Music therapists primarily help clients improve their health across various domains, including cognitive functioning, motor skills, emotional and affective development, behavior and social skills, and quality of life, by using music experiences such as free improvisation, singing, songwriting, and listening to, discussing, and moving to music to achieve treatment goals and objectives. Music therapy is considered both an art and a science. It has a wide qualitative and quantitative research literature base and incorporates clinical therapy, biomusicology, musical acoustics, music theory, psychoacoustics, embodied music cognition, aesthetics of music, and comparative musicology. Referrals to music therapy services may be made by other health care professionals such as physicians, psychologists, physical therapists, and occupational therapists. Clients can also choose to pursue music therapy services without a referral (i.e., self-referral). Music therapists are found in nearly every area of the helping professions. Some commonly found practices include developmental work (communication, motor skills, etc.) with individuals with special needs, songwriting and listening in reminiscence/orientation work with the elderly, processing and relaxation work, and rhythmic entrainment for physical rehabilitation in stroke victims. Music therapy is also used in some medical hospitals, cancer centers, schools, alcohol and drug recovery programs, psychiatric hospitals, and correctional facilities. History of Music Therapy. Music has been used as a healing force for centuries. Apollo is the ancient Greek god of music and of medicine. Aesculapius was said to cure diseases of the mind by using song and music, and music therapy was used in Egyptian temples. Plato said that music affected the emotions and could influence the character of an individual. Aristotle taught that music affects the soul and described music as a force that purified the emotions. Aulus Cornelius Celsus advocated the sound of cymbals and running water for the treatment of mental disorders. Music therapy was practiced in biblical times, when David played the harp to rid King Saul of a bad spirit. As early as 400 B.C., Hippocrates
Eugen Weidmann Eugen Weidmann (February 5, 1908 – June 17, 1939) was the last person to be publicly executed in France. Executions by guillotine in France continued in private until September 10, 1977, when Hamida Djandoubi was the last person to be executed. Early life. Weidmann was born in Frankfurt am Main in Germany to the family of an export businessman, and went to school there. He was sent to live with his grandparents at the outbreak of World War I; during this time he started stealing. Later in his 20s he served five years in Saarbrücken jail for robbery. During his time in jail Weidmann met two men who would later become his partners in crime: Roger Million and Jean Blanc. After their release from jail, they decided to work together to kidnap rich tourists visiting France and steal their money. They rented a villa in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, for this purpose. Kidnapping. Their first kidnap attempt ended in failure because their victim struggled too hard, forcing them to let him go. In July 1937, they made a second attempt, Weidmann having made the acquaintance of Jean De Koven, a 22-year-old New York dancer visiting her aunt Ida Sackheim in Paris. Impressed by the tall, handsome German, De Koven wrote to a friend: I have just met a charming German of keen intelligence who calls himself Siegfried. Perhaps I am going to another Wagnerian role - who knows? I am going to visit him tomorrow at his villa in a beautiful place near a famous mansion that Napoleon gave Josephine. During their meeting they smoked and Siegfried gave her a glass of milk. She took photos of him with her new camera (later found beside her body, the developed snapshots showing her killer). Weidmann then strangled and buried her in the villa's garden. She had 300 francs in cash and $430 in traveller's cheques, which the group sent Million's mistress, Collette Tricot, to cash. Sackheim received a letter demanding $500 for the return of her niece. De Koven's brother Henry later came to France offering a 10,000 franc reward from his father Abraham for information about the young woman. On September 1 of the same year, Weidmann hired a chauffeur named Joseph Couffy to drive him to the French Riviera where, in a forest outside Tours he shot him in the nape of the neck and stole his
William Beveridge William Henry Beveridge, 1st Baron Beveridge KCB (5 March 1879 – 16 March 1963) was a British economist and social reformer. He is best known for his 1942 report Social Insurance and Allied Services (known as the Beveridge Report) which served as the basis for the post-World War II welfare state put in place by the Labour government elected in 1945. Lord Beveridge, considered an authority on unemployment insurance from early in his career, served under Winston Churchill on the Board of Trade as Director of the newly created labour exchanges and later as Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Food. He was Director of the London School of Economics and Political Science from 1919 until 1937, when he was elected Master of University College, Oxford. Beveridge published widely on unemployment and social security, his most notable works being: Unemployment: A Problem of Industry (1909), Planning Under Socialism (1936), Full Employment in a Free Society (1944), Pillars of Security (1943), Power and Influence (1953), and A Defence of Free Learning (1959). Early life and education. Beveridge, the eldest son of Henry Beveridge, an Indian Civil Service officer and scholar Annette Akroyd, was born in Rangpur, India (now Rangpur, Bangladesh), on 5 March 1879. He was educated at Charterhouse School, a boarding independent school in the market town of Godalming in Surrey, followed by Balliol College at the University of Oxford, where he studied Mathematics and Classics, obtaining a First in both. He later studied Law. Life and career. After leaving university, Beveridge initially became a lawyer. He became interested in the social services and wrote about the subject for the Morning Post newspaper. His interest in the causes of unemployment began in 1903 when he worked at Toynbee Hall, a settlement house in London. There he worked closely with Sidney Webb and Beatrice Webb and was influenced by their theories of social reform, becoming active in promoting old age pensions, free school meals, and campaigning for a national system of labour exchanges. In 1908, now considered to be the United Kingdom's leading authority on unemployment insurance, he was introduced by Beatrice Webb to Winston Churchill, who had recently been promoted to the Cabinet as President of the Board of Trade. Churchill invited Beveridge to join the Board of Trade, and he organised the implementation of the national system of labour exchanges and National Insurance to combat unemployment
Susannah York Susannah York (9 January 1939 – 15 January 2011) was an English film, stage and television actress. She was awarded a BAFTA as Best Supporting Actress for They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (1969) and was nominated for an Oscar and Golden Globe for the same film. She won best actress for Images at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. In 1991 she was appointed an Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. Her appearances in various hit films of the 1960s formed the basis of her international reputation, and an obituary in The Telegraph characterised her as the blue-eyed English rose with the china-white skin and cupid lips who epitomised the sensuality of the swinging Sixties. Early life. York was born Susannah Yolande Fletcher in Chelsea, London, in 1939, the younger daughter of Simon William Peel Vickers Fletcher (1910–2002), a merchant banker and steel magnate, and his first wife, the former Joan Nita Mary Bowring – they married in 1935 and divorced prior to 1943. Her maternal grandfather was Walter Andrew Bowring, CBE, a British diplomat who served as Administrator of Dominica (1933–1935); she was a great-great-granddaughter of political economist Sir John Bowring. York had an elder sister, as well as a half-brother, Eugene Xavier Charles William Peel Fletcher, from her father's second marriage to Pauline de Bearnez de Morton de La Chapelle. In early 1943, her mother married a Scottish businessman, Adam M. Hamilton, and moved, with her daughter, to Scotland. At the age of 11 York entered Marr College in Troon, Ayrshire. Later she became a boarder at Wispers School, a school housed in Wispers, a Norman Shaw-designed country house in the Sussex village of Stedham. At 13 she was removed – effectively expelled – from Wispers after owning up to a naked midnight swim in the school pool, and she transferred to East Haddon Hall in Northamptonshire. Enthused by her experiences of acting at school (she had played an Ugly Sister in Cinderella at the age of nine), York first decided to apply to the Glasgow College of Dramatic Art; but after her mother had separated from her stepfather and moved to London, she instead auditioned for RADA. There she won the Ronson award for most promising student before graduating in 1958. Career. Film. Her film career began with Tunes of Glory (1960), co-starring with Alec Guinness and John Mills. In 1961, she played
Airspeed Ambassador The Airspeed AS.57 Ambassador was a British twin piston engined airliner that first flew on 10 July 1947 and served in small numbers through the 1950s and 1960s. Design and development. The Ambassador had its origin in 1943 as a requirement identified by the Brabazon Committee for a twin-engined short-to-medium-haul replacement for the Douglas DC-3. Airspeed Ltd. was asked to prepare an unpressurised design in the 14.5-ton gross weight class, using two Bristol Hercules radial engines. In 1943, the company duly set up a dispersed design office in Fairmile Manor at Cobham in Surrey. By the time the British Ministry of Aircraft Production ordered two prototypes from Airspeed, immediately after the end of the Second World War, the design had grown substantially. The Ambassador would be pressurised, have more powerful Bristol Centaurus radials and have a maximum gross weight of almost 24 tons. The revised design offered seating for 47 passengers and, having a nose wheel undercarriage, looked more modern than the DC-3s, Curtiss Commandos, Avro Lancastrians and Vickers Vikings that were common on Europe's shorter airline routes. With three low fins and long pointed nose it shared something of the character of the larger transcontinental Lockheed Constellation. Great efforts were made to reduce drag, to improve performance and cruising efficiency. The engine nacelles were first designed with inwardly opening louvres for exhaust gases and cooling air rather than the usual outwardly opening gills. However, these proved inadequate to cool the engine, so the gills were reinstated. Operational history. Three prototypes were built, the first registered G-AGUA was first flown by George B.S. Errington from Christchurch on 10 July 1947. British European Airways (BEA) placed a £3 million order for 20 aircraft in September 1948, and operated them between 1952 and 1958, calling them their Elizabethan Class in honour of the newly crowned Queen. The flagship of the fleet was G-ALZN, appropriately named RMA Elizabethan. The first Elizabethan scheduled flight was from Heathrow to Paris Le Bourget on 13 March 1952 and the type later also served the key UK routes. An Ambassador appears in the 1953 film Innocents in Paris. By December 1955 the Elizabethan Class had reached 2,230 flying hours annually, per aircraft, the highest in BEA's fleet. However, the last Elizabethan scheduled service for BEA was operated in August 1958, and the type was replaced by the Vickers Viscount. After disposal by BEA, the
Dyan Cannon Dyan Cannon (born Samille Diane Friesen; January 4, 1937) is an American film and television actress, director, screenwriter, editor, and producer. Early life. Cannon was born in Washington State in 1937. Her mother Claire (née Portnoy) was a housewife; Cannon's father, Ben, sold life insurance. Cannon was raised in the Jewish faith of her mother, who had emigrated from Russia; Dyan's father was Baptist. She attended West Seattle High School. Her younger brother is jazz bassist David Friesen. Career. Cannon made her screen debut in 1960 in The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond; however her small screen debut was in the late 1950s including a guest appearance on Bat Masterson in the 1959 episode entitled Lady Luck. She made another guest appearance in 1959 on CBS's  starring Steve McQueen in episode 54 Vanishing Act as Nicole McCready. About this time, she also appeared on another CBS western, Johnny Ringo, starring Don Durant, and on Jack Lord's ABC adventure drama, Stoney Burke. She portrayed Mona Elliott, with fellow guest star Franchot Tone, in the episode The Man Behind the Man of the 1964 CBS drama, The Reporter, with Harry Guardino in the title role. She also made appearances on 77 Sunset Strip, the perennial western series Gunsmoke, The Untouchables and the syndicated Two Faces West in the 1960 episode entitled Sheriff of the Town. In 1969, Cannon played Alice in the film Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice. She received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for her performance. In 1971, she starred in The Anderson Tapes (with Sean Connery), The Burglars, and Such Good Friends, receiving a Best Actress Golden Globe nomination for the last performance. Two years later, she was co-starred with Burt Reynolds in Shamus and was one of the many stars in The Last of Sheila. In 1974, she gave a critically acclaimed performance in Child Under a Leaf. In addition, she became the first Oscar-nominated actress to be nominated in the Best Short Film, Live Action Category for Number One (1976), a project which Cannon produced, directed, wrote and edited. It was a story about adolescent sexual curiosity. In 1978, Cannon starred in Revenge of the Pink Panther. That same year, she appeared in Heaven Can Wait, for which she received another Oscar nomination and won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 1976, she hosted Saturday Night
Tommy Morrison Tommy David Morrison (January 2, 1969September 1, 2013) was an American heavyweight boxer and a former World Boxing Organization champion. He lost only three out of a total of 52 professional fights. Morrison's nickname, The Duke, is based on the claim that he was a grandnephew of Hollywood star John Wayne. Morrison was a co-star with Sylvester Stallone in the 1990 boxing movie Rocky V. Morrison's professional boxing career ended in 2008, 12 years after he tested positive for HIV in 1996. Beginning in 2006, Morrison attempted a comeback after a 10-year hiatus, stating that his HIV diagnosis was negative. Morrison had multiple convictions for driving under the influence, assault, and drugs and weapons charges. Early life and amateur boxing. Tommy Morrison was born in Gravette, Arkansas. His father, Tim, was Irish-American, while his mother, Diana, was half Otoe and half Ponca. Morrison was raised in Delaware County, Oklahoma. Since Morrison's older brother and two uncles were boxers, Morrison's father urged him to begin boxing locally at the age of ten. At the age of 13, Morrison used a fake ID and entered fifteen toughman contests (the minimum age for contestants was 21). He later told The New York Times that he lost only one of these matches. Morrison's mother was acquitted of a murder charge four decades ago. His father, Tim, was abusive; he would get drunk and beat Morrison as well as his mother. Tim was also a perpetual philanderer until Diana finally left him. Morrison's brother, Tim Jr., spent 15 years in prison for rape. In 1988, Morrison won the Regional Heavyweight Title – Kansas City Golden Gloves from Donald Ellis and advanced to the National Golden Gloves in Omaha, Nebraska, where he lost a split decision to Derek Isaman. Two weeks later, Morrison took part in the Western Olympic trials in Houston, Texas winning the Heavyweight Title and garnishing the Most Outstanding Fighter of the tournament. Two weeks after that at the Olympic Trials, held in Concord, California, Morrison lost a split decision to Ray Mercer, who would go on to win the gold medal at the Seoul Olympics. Morrison's combined professional and amateur record is 343–24–1, with 315 wins by knockout. Professional career. Morrison started his professional boxing career on November 10, 1988, with a first-round knockout of William Muhammad in New York City. Three weeks later, he scored another first-round knockout.
Brewster F2A Buffalo The Brewster F2A Buffalo was an American fighter aircraft which saw service early in World War II. Designed and built by the Brewster Aeronautical Corporation, it was one of the first U.S. monoplanes with an arrestor hook and other modifications for aircraft carriers. The Buffalo won a competition against the Grumman F4F Wildcat in 1939 to become the U.S. Navy's first monoplane fighter aircraft. Although superior to the Grumman F3F biplane it replaced and the early F4Fs, the Buffalo turned out to be a disappointment for the USN and USMC because weight of added equipment wasn't balanced by an increase in horsepower. Several nations, including Finland, Belgium, Britain and the Netherlands, ordered the Buffalo. Of all the users, the Finns were the most successful with their Buffalos, flying them in combat against early Soviet fighters with excellent results. During the Continuation War of 1941–1944, the B-239s (a de-navalized F2A-1) operated by the Finnish Air Force proved capable of engaging and destroying most types of Soviet fighter aircraft operating against Finland at that time and achieving in the first phase of that conflict 32 Soviet aircraft shot down for every B-239 lost. and producing 36 Buffalo aces. In December 1941, Buffalos operated by both British Commonwealth (B-339E) and Dutch (B-339D) air forces in South East Asia suffered severe losses in combat against the Japanese Navy's Mitsubishi A6M Zero and the Japanese Army's Nakajima Ki-43 Oscar. The British attempted to lighten their Buffalos by removing ammunition and fuel and installing lighter guns to increase performance, but it made little difference. After the first few engagements, the Dutch halved the fuel and ammo load in the wing, which allowed their Buffalos (and their Hurricanes) to stay with the Oscars in turns. The Buffalo was built in three variants for the U.S. Navy, the F2A-1, F2A-2 and F2A-3. (In foreign service, with lower horsepower engines, these types were designated B-239, B-339, and B-339-23 respectively.) The F2A-3 variant saw action with United States Marine Corps (USMC) squadrons at the Battle of Midway. Shown by the experience of Midway to be no match for the Zero, the F2A-3 was derided by USMC pilots as a flying coffin. The F2A-3, however, was significantly inferior to the F2A-2 variant used by the Navy before the outbreak of the war. Design and development. United States Navy. In 1935, the U.S. Navy issued a requirement for
Minnie Driver Amelia Fiona Minnie Driver (born 31 January 1970) is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the film Good Will Hunting, and an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe for her work in the television series The Riches. Early life. Driver was born in London, the daughter of Gaynor Churchward (née Millington), a designer and former couture model, and Ronnie Driver, a Yorkshire businessman and financial adviser from Swansea. Ronnie Driver was acknowledged as a war hero and awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal for bravery shown as a gunner in an RAF Wellington bomber during the Battle of Heligoland Bight in 1939 when his aircraft was shot down. Minnie Driver was brought up in Barbados and was educated at Bedales and the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. Driver has English, Italian, Irish, Scottish, German and French ancestry. Acting career. Driver's television debut was in a 1991 UK TV advertisement for Right Guard deodorant. Driver also made her stage debut in 1991, supplementing her income by performing as a jazz vocalist and guitarist. She appeared on British television with comedians such as Steve Coogan and Armando Iannucci and had small parts in such shows as Casualty, The House of Eliott, Lovejoy, and Peak Practice. Driver first came to broad public attention when she played the lead role in Circle of Friends in 1995. She followed this with a string of supporting roles in big studio films like the 17th James Bond installment GoldenEye (1995), Sleepers (1996), and Grosse Pointe Blank (1997). She achieved greater recognition playing opposite Matt Damon in Gus Van Sant's Good Will Hunting (1997), a role for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Screen Actors Guild Award, among others. In 2003 and 2004, she had a noted recurring role on Will & Grace as Lorraine Finster, the nemesis of Karen Walker (Megan Mullally) and daughter of Karen's lover, Lyle Finster (John Cleese). Driver has also worked on several animated features, voicing Jane in Disney's 1999 version of Tarzan, and Lady Eboshi in the 1999 English dubbed release of the Japanese film Princess Mononoke. On 12 March 2007, Driver made her return to television starring alongside Eddie Izzard on the FX Network show The Riches, a series about a family of Travellers living in
Matura Matura or a similar term (Matur, Maturita, Maturità, Maturität, Mатура) is the common name for the high-school exit exam or maturity exam in various countries, including Albania, Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Montenegro, Poland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia and Switzerland, as well as among Ukrainian émigrés. It is taken by young adults (usually aged from 18 to 20) at the end of their secondary education, and generally must be passed in order to apply to a university or other institutions of higher education. Matura can be compared to A-Level exams. Names and equivalents. In the Czech Republic it is officially called maturitní zkouška, in Slovakia maturitná skúška, in Poland egzamin maturalny, in Austria Reifeprüfung (examination of maturity), but matura is used colloquially in these four countries. In Hungary, the same system is used, but it is called érettségi (vizsga) (examination of maturity), the equivalent of matura and in Israel it is called bagrut (Hebrew word for maturity). In Italy it used to be called esame di maturità and now esame di Stato. In Bulgaria, the official name is държавни зрелостни изпити (darzhavni zrelostni izpiti, state maturity examinations), but the name матура (matura) is almost always used instead. The exam is usually taken after 12 or 13 years of schooling. Each candidate who passes their final exams receives a document that contains their grades and which formally enables them to go to a university. In countries such as Austria and Slovenia, this document alone allows entry to any university, as the grades themselves are irrelevant; whereas in other countries there can be numerus clausus, meaning that certain standards need to be met in the Matura grades before acceptance at a university. The equivalent British term is the GCE Advanced Level or Advanced Highers Scottish, the Irish is Leaving Certificate, the German is Abitur, or simply Abi, the French is le baccalauréat, or simply le bac, the Australian is Higher School Certificate (HSC), previously known as Matriculation, the Romanian is bacalaureat. In Swiss French, it is called La Maturité or, informally, La Matu'. In South Africa, the equivalent is the Senior Certificate or Matric examination. For other equivalents, see List of secondary school leaving certificates. Matura in Albania. The official name is 'Matura Shtetërore' (State Matura) which was introduced in 2006 by the Ministry of Education and Science replacing the school based Provimet
Geena Davis Virginia Elizabeth Geena Davis (born January 21, 1956) is an American actress, film producer, writer, former fashion model, and a women's Olympics archery team semi-finalist. She is known for her roles in Stuart Little, The Fly, Beetlejuice, Thelma & Louise, A League of Their Own, The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Accidental Tourist, for which she won the 1988 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 2005, she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama for her role in Commander in Chief. Early life. Davis was born in Wareham, Massachusetts. Her mother, Lucille (née Cook), was a teacher's assistant, and her father, William F. Davis, was a civil engineer and church deacon; her parents had both been from small towns in Vermont. She has a brother named Danforth (Dan). At an early age, she became interested in music. She learned piano and flute and played organ well enough as a teenager to serve as an organist at her Congregationalist church in Wareham. Davis attended Wareham High School and was an exchange student in Sandviken, Sweden, becoming fluent in Swedish. Enrolling at New England College, she eventually graduated with a bachelor's degree in drama from Boston University in 1979. Davis is a member of Mensa, a social organization whose members are in the top 2% of intelligence as measured by an IQ test entrance exam. Career. Following her education, Davis served as a window mannequin for Ann Taylor until signing with New York's Zoli modeling agency in 1979. Davis auditioned for roles in many popular movies, including The Terminator’s Sarah Connor, which went to Linda Hamilton. She was working as a model when she was cast by director Sydney Pollack in his film Tootsie (1982) as a soap opera actress. She followed the role with the part of Wendy Killain in the short-lived television series Buffalo Bill, which aired from June 1983 to March 1984. She also wrote the Buffalo Bill episode entitled Miss WBFL. During the run of Buffalo Bill, in 1983, Davis also appeared as Grace Fallon in an episode of Knight Rider entitled K.I.T.T the Cat. Her television credits from the mid-1980s also include one episode of Riptide, three episodes of Family Ties, and an episode of Remington Steele. This was followed by a series of her own, Sara, which lasted thirteen episodes. After roles in Fletch, The Fly, and
Zebulon Pike Zebulon Montgomery Pike (January 5, 1779 – April 27, 1813) was an American brigadier general and explorer for whom Pikes Peak in Colorado is named. As a United States Army captain in 1806–1807, he led the Pike Expedition to explore and document the southern portion of the Louisiana territory and to find the headwaters of the Red River, during which he recorded the discovery of what later was called Pikes Peak. Captured by the Spanish while wandering in present-day Colorado after his party got confused in its travels, Pike and his men were taken to Chihuahua, present-day Mexico and questioned by the governor. They were released later in 1807 at the border of Louisiana. In 1810 Pike published an account of his expeditions, a book so popular that it was translated into French, German and Dutch for publication in Europe. He later achieved the rank of brigadier general in the Army, serving during the War of 1812. He was killed during the Battle of York, which the United States won. Family. Pike was descended from John Pike, who immigrated from England as a child in 1635, and was a founder of Woodbridge, New Jersey in 1665. Later in his life, Zebulon Pike had a wife named Clarissa Harlow Brown and a child named Clarissa Brown Pike. Early life and education. Zebulon M. Pike was born during the Revolutionary War on January 5, 1779 near Lamberton (derived from the Indian pronunciation Alamatunk), now called Lamington, in Somerset county, New Jersey. Pike would follow in the footsteps of his father, also named Zebulon, who had begun his own career in the military service of the United States beginning in 1775, at the outset of the American Revolutionary War. To avoid confusion, son Zebulon Pike is referred to with the middle initial of M, while father Zebulon Pike is not. The younger Pike grew to adulthood with his family at a series of Midwestern outposts — the frontier of the United States at the time — in Ohio and Illinois. In 1794 he joined his father's regiment as a cadet at the age of 15, earned a commission as ensign in 1799 and a first lieutenancy later that year. Marriage and family. Zebulon M. Pike married Clarissa Harlow Brown in 1801. They had one child who survived to adulthood, a daughter. Clarissa Brown Pike married John Cleves Symmes Harrison, a
Aldo Leopold Aldo Leopold (January 11, 1887 – April 21, 1948) was an American author, scientist, ecologist, forester, and environmentalist. He was a professor at the University of Wisconsin and is best known for his book A Sand County Almanac (1949), which has sold more than two million copies. Leopold was influential in the development of modern environmental ethics and in the movement for wilderness conservation. His ethics of nature and wildlife preservation had a profound impact on the environmental movement, with his ecocentric or holistic ethics regarding land. He emphasized biodiversity and ecology and was a founder of the science of wildlife management. Early life. Rand Aldo Leopold was born in Burlington, Iowa, on January 11, 1887. His father, Carl Leopold, was a businessman; and his mother, born Clara Starker, was Carl's first cousin. Charles Starker, father of Clara and uncle of Carl, was a German immigrant, educated in engineering and architecture. Rand Aldo was named for two of Carl's business partners—C. W. Rand and Aldo Sommers—although the Rand was eventually dropped. The Leopold family included younger siblings Mary Luize, Carl Starker, and Frederic. Leopold's first language was German, although he mastered English at an early age. Aldo Leopold's early life was highlighted by the outdoors. Carl would take his children on excursions into the woods and taught his oldest son woodcraft and hunting. Aldo showed an aptitude for observation, spending hours counting and cataloging birds near his home. Mary would later say of her older brother, He was very much an outdoorsman, even in his extreme youth. He was always out climbing around the bluffs, or going down to the river, or going across the river into the woods. He attended Prospect Hill Elementary, where he ranked at the top of his class, and then, the overcrowded Burlington High School. Every August, the family vacationed at the forested Les Cheneaux Islands, which the children took to exploring. Schooling. In 1900, Gifford Pinchot, who oversaw the newly implemented Division of Forestry in the Department of Agriculture, donated money to Yale University to begin one of the nation's first forestry schools. Hearing of this development, the teenage Leopold decided on forestry as a vocation. In order to be accepted to Yale, his parents agreed to let him attend The Lawrenceville School, a preparatory college in New Jersey. The Burlington High School principal wrote in a reference letter to the
Ange-Félix Patassé Ange-Félix Patassé (January 25, 1937 – April 5, 2011) was a Central African politician who was President of the Central African Republic from 1993 until 2003, when he was deposed by the rebel leader François Bozizé. Patassé was the first president in the CAR's history (since 1960) to be chosen in what was generally regarded as a fairly democratic election (1993) in that it was brought about by donor pressure on the Kolingba regime and assisted by the United Nations Electoral Assistance Unit. He was chosen a second time in a fair election (1999) as well. However, during his first term in office (1993–1999), three military mutinies in 1996–1997 led to increasing conflict between so-called northerners (like Patassé) and southerners (like his predecessor President André Kolingba). Expatriate mediators and peacekeeping troops were brought in to negotiate peace accords between Patassé and the mutineers and to maintain law and order. During his second term as president, Patassé increasingly lost the support of many of his long-time allies as well as the French, who had intervened to support him during his first term in office. Patassé was ousted in March 2003 and went into exile in Togo. Background. Patassé was born in Paoua, the capital of the northwestern province of Ouham Pendé in the colony of Ubangi-Shari in French Equatorial Africa, and he belonged to the Sara-Kaba ethnic group which predominates in the region around Paoua. Patassé's father, Paul Ngakoutou, who had served in the Free French military forces during the Second World War and afterwards worked for the colonial administration in the Province of Ouham-Pendé, was a member of the Sara-kaba people and was raised in a small village to the northeast of Boguila. Patassé's mother, Véronique Goumba, belonged to the Kare ethnic group of northwestern Ubangi-Shari. As Patassé spent much of his youth in Paoua he was associated with the Ouham-Pendé province and many of his most loyal political supporters were Kaba. After attending school in Ubangi-Shari, Patassé studied in an agricultural institute in Puy-de-Dôme, France, where he received a Technical Baccalaureate which allowed him to enroll in the Superior Academy of Tropical Agriculture in Nogent-sur-Marne, and then in the National Agronomical Institute in Paris. Specializing in zootechnology, he received a diploma from the Center for the Artificial Insemination of Domestic Animals in Rambouillet, France. He finished his studies in Paris in 1959, a year before the
Lake Bonneville Lake Bonneville was a prehistoric pluvial lake that covered much of North America's Great Basin region. Most of the territory it covered was in present-day Utah, though parts of the lake extended into present-day Idaho and Nevada. Formed about 32,000 years ago, it existed until about 14,500 years ago, when a large portion of the lake was released through the Red Rock Pass in Idaho. Following the Bonneville Flood, as the release is now known, the lake receded to a level called the Provo Level. Many of the unique geological characteristics of the Great Basin are due to the effects of the lake. At more than deep and more than in area, the lake was nearly as large as Lake Michigan and significantly deeper. With the change in climate, the lake began drying up, leaving Great Salt Lake, Utah Lake, Sevier Lake, Rush Lake, and Little Salt Lake as remnants. Lake Bonneville was named by the geologist G. K. Gilbert after Benjamin Louis Eulalie de Bonneville (1796–1878), a French-born officer in the United States Army, who was also a fur trapper, and explorer in the American West. Bonneville was noted for his expeditions to the Oregon Country and the Great Basin. Geologic history. Like most, if not all, of the ice age pluvial lakes of the American West, Lake Bonneville was a result of the combination of lower temperatures, decreased evaporation, and higher precipitation that then prevailed in the region, perhaps because of a more southerly jet stream than today's. The lake was probably not a singular entity either; geologic evidence suggests that it may have evaporated and reformed as many as 28 times in the last 3 million years. Great Salt Lake, Utah Lake, and Sevier Lake are the largest remnants of the original Lake Bonneville. Several levels of the old shorelines are still visible above Salt Lake City, along the Wasatch Front and elsewhere. The appearance of the shorelines is that of a shelf or bench protruding from the mountainside, well above the valley floor. Four main shorelines are associated with the fluctuating levels of the ancient lake. The Stansbury, Bonneville, Provo and Gilbert shorelines each mark a time when lake level remained constant long enough to deposit massive accumulations of sand and gravel. The Bonneville Bench, at approximately elevation, is part of the preserved ice age shoreline. This shoreline marks the highest level attained
Rule against perpetuities The common law rule against perpetuities forbids some future interests (traditionally contingent remainders and executory interests) that may not vest within the time permitted; the rule limit the testator's power to earmark gifts for remote descendants. In essence, the rule prevents a person from putting qualifications and criteria in his/her will that will continue to control or affect the distribution of assets long after he or she has died, a concept often referred to as control by the dead hand or mortmain. The rule is often stated as follows: “No interest is good unless it must vest, if at all, not later than twenty-one years after the death of some life in being at the creation of the interest.” For the purposes of the rule, a life is in being at conception. Although most discussions and analysis relating to the rule revolve around wills and trusts, the rule applies to any future dispositions of property, including options. When a part of a grant or will violates the rule, only that portion of the grant or devise is removed. All other parts that do not violate the rule are still valid. The perpetuities period under the common law rule is not a fixed term of years. By its terms, the rule limits the period to at the latest 21 years after the death of the last identifiable individual living at the time the interest was created (life in being). This measuring or validating life need not have been a purchaser or taker in the conveyance or devise. The measuring life could be the grantor, a life tenant, a tenant for a term of years, or in the case of a contingent remainder or executory devise to a class of unascertained individuals, the person capable of producing members of that class. The rule against perpetuities at common law has been amended by various statutes. In England, the Statute of Uses (1536) and the Statute of Wills (1540) and the consequent rise of flexible future interests made the rule a significant judicial tool in defeating the intent of landowners to impose limitations on remote future owners in grants and devises. Major alterations to the common law rule in the United Kingdom came into effect under the Perpetuities and Accumulations Act 1964, including the application of the traditional 21-year limitation period to options. The rule is notoriously difficult to properly
Great Basin The Great Basin is the largest area of contiguous endorheic watersheds in North America. It is noted for both its arid climate and the Basin and range topography that varies from the North American low point at Badwater Basin to the highest point of the contiguous United States, less than away at the summit of Mount Whitney. The region spans several physiographic divisions, biomes/ecoregions, and deserts. Geography. The Great Basin includes valleys, basins, lakes and mountain ranges of Basin and Range topography, with some in the phytogeographic Basin and Range Province. The Great Basin almost entirely contains the smaller Great Basin physiographic section, which extends about into the Colorado River watershed (including the Las Vegas metropolitan area and northwest corner of Arizona). Geographic features near the Great Basin include the Continental Divide of the Americas, the Great Divide Basin, and the Gulf of California. Settlements and roads. The Great Basin's two most populous metropolitan areas are Reno to the west and Salt Lake City to the east. The area between these two cities is sparsely populated, but includes the smaller cities of Delta, Elko, Ely, Tonopah, Wendover, West Wendover, and Winnemucca. The southern area of the basin has the communities of Palmdale, Victorville, and Palm Springs. Major roadways traversing the Great Basin include Interstate 80, Interstate 15, U.S. Route 6, U.S. Route 50, U.S. Route 93, U.S. Route 95 and U.S. Route 395, with the Nevada section of U.S. Route 50 nicknamed The Loneliest Road in America. The Great Basin is traversed by several rail lines including the Union Pacific Railroad's Overland Route (Union Pacific Railroad) through Reno and Ogden, Feather River Route, Central Corridor and Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad. The Great Basin was once predominately inhabited by the Great Basin tribes. Hydrology. The Great Basin Divide separates the Great Basin from the watersheds draining to the Pacific Ocean. The southernmost portion of the Great Basin is the watershed area of the Laguna Salada. The Great Basin's longest and largest river is the Bear River of , and the largest single watershed is the Humboldt River drainage of roughly . Most Great Basin precipitation is snow, and the precipitation that neither evaporates nor is taken for human use will sink into groundwater aquifers, while evaporation of collected water occurs from geographic sinks. Lake Tahoe, North America's largest alpine lake, is part of the Great Basin's
Jim Bridger James Felix Jim Bridger (March 17, 1804 – July 17, 1881) was among the foremost mountain men, trappers, scouts and guides who explored and trapped the Western United States during the decades of 1820-1850, as well as mediating between native tribes and encroaching whites. He was of English ancestry, and his family had been in North America since the early colonial period. Jim Bridger had a strong constitution that allowed him to survive the extreme conditions he encountered walking the Rocky Mountains from what would become southern Colorado to the Canadian border. He had conversational knowledge of French, Spanish and several native languages. He would come to know many of the major figures of the early west, including Brigham Young, Kit Carson, George Armstrong Custer, John Fremont, Joseph Meek, and John Sutter. Career. Bridger was born in Richmond, Virginia. He began his colorful career in 1822 at the age of 18, as a member of General William Ashley's Upper Missouri Expedition and had a significant role in the ordeal of Hugh Glass. He was among the first white men to see the geysers and other natural wonders of the Yellowstone region. In the winter of 1824-1825, Bridger gained fame as the first European American to see the Great Salt Lake (though some now dispute that status in favor of Étienne Provost), which he reached traveling in a bull boat. Due to its salinity, he believed it to be an arm of the Pacific Ocean. In 1830, Jim Bridger and several other trappers bought out Ashley and established the Rocky Mountain Fur Company, competing with the Hudson's Bay Company and John Jacob Astor's American Fur Company for the lucrative beaver pelt trade. In 1843, Bridger and Louis Vasquez built a trading post, later named Fort Bridger, on the west bank of Blacks Fork of the Green River to serve Pioneers on the Oregon Trail. In 1835 he married a woman from the Flathead Indians tribe with whom he had three children. After her death in 1846, he married the daughter of a Shoshone chief, who died in childbirth three years later. In 1850 he married Shoshone Chief Washakie's daughter, with whom he had two more children. Some of his children were sent back east to be educated. In 1850, looking for an alternate overland route to the South Pass, he found what would eventually be known as Bridger's
Anna Jarvis Anna Marie Jarvis (May 1, 1864, Webster, West Virginia – November 24, 1948, West Chester, Pennsylvania) is the founder of the Mother's Day holiday in the United States. Biography. Anna Jarvis was born in the tiny town of Webster, West Virginia. Her birthplace, known as the Anna Jarvis house, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. She was the daughter of Ann Maria Reeves Jarvis. The family moved to nearby Grafton, West Virginia in her childhood. She graduated from Augusta Female Seminary, now Mary Baldwin College in 1883. Anna's mother Ann Jarvis had founded Mothers' Day Work Clubs in five cities to improve sanitary and health conditions. The Mothers' Day Work Clubs also treated wounds, fed, and clothed both Union and Confederate soldiers with neutrality. On May 12, 1907, two years after her mother's death, Anna held a memorial to her mother and thereafter embarked upon a campaign to make Mother's Day a recognized holiday. She succeeded in making this nationally recognized in 1914. The International Mother's Day Shrine was established in Grafton to commemorate her accomplishment. By the 1920s, Anna Jarvis had become soured by the commercialization of the holiday. She incorporated herself as the Mother’s Day International Association, trademarked the phrases second Sunday in May and Mother's Day, and was once arrested for disturbing the peace. She and her sister Ellsinore spent their family inheritance campaigning against what the holiday had become. Both died in poverty. According to her New York Times obituary, Jarvis became embittered because too many people sent their mothers a printed greeting card. As she said, Anna Marie Jarvis never married and had no children. She died in West Chester, Pennsylvania, and was buried at West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.  
Fort Bridger Fort Bridger was originally a 19th-century fur trading outpost established in 1842 on Blacks Fork of the Green River and later a vital resupply point for wagon trains on the Oregon Trail, California Trail and Mormon Trail. The Army established a military post here in 1858 during the Utah War until it was finally closed in 1890. A small town, Fort Bridger, Wyoming, remains near the fort and takes its name from it. Bridger's Trading Post. The post was established by the mountain man Jim Bridger, after whom it is named, and Louis Vasquez. Mormons and Fort Supply. With the arrival of the Mormon pioneers in 1847, disputes arose between Bridger and the new settlers. By 1853, a militia of Mormons was sent to arrest him for selling alcohol and firearms to the Native Americans, a violation of Federal Law. He escaped capture, temporarily returning to the East. Near the existing fort, the Mormons established their own Fort Supply the same year. In 1855, Mormons took over Fort Bridger, reportedly buying it from Bridger for $8,000 in gold coins. The Mormons claimed, over Bridger's denials, they had purchased the fort from Vasquez. There was a deed dated August 3, 1855, recorded October 21, 1858, in Salt Lake City in Records Book B. p. 128 that ostensibly sold Fort Bridger to the LDS Church. Bridger and Vasquez's name was signed by H. F. Morrell in the presence of Alinerin Grow and William Adams Hickman, purportedly pursuant to a power of attorney. Since Bridger was absent from the area in 1855, acting as guide for Sir St. George Gore, and absent a signed power of attorney from Bridger. Utah War. Relations deteriorated between Mormon leaders in Utah Territory and federal authorities in Washington, D.C. Following the election of President James Buchanan, the United States Army was ordered to Utah to install a new governor, replacing Brigham Young, as well as to establish a military presence. As the Army advanced, the Mormons in the Green River valley withdrew, burning Fort Supply and Supply City. On the night of October 7, 1857, Wild Bill Hickman set fire to Fort Bridger to keep it from falling into the hands of the approaching United States Army during the Utah War. The army wintered near Fort Bridger. In June 1858, as the majority of Johnston's Army set off for Salt Lake City, two companies
John Wanamaker John Wanamaker (July 11, 1838 – December 12, 1922) was a United States merchant, religious leader, civic and political figure, considered by some to be the father of modern advertising and a pioneer in marketing. Wanamaker was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Biography. Wanamaker was born on July 11, 1838, in a then-rural, unincorporated area that would in time come to be known as the Grays Ferry neighborhood of South Philadelphia. His parents were John Nelson Wanamaker, a brickmaker and a native of Kingwood, New Jersey, and Elizabeth Deshong Kochersperger, of a wealthy merchant family from Alsace. He opened his first store in 1861, called Oak Hall, at Sixth and Market Streets in Philadelphia, adjacent to the site of George Washington's Presidential home. Oak Hall grew substantially based on Wanamaker's then-revolutionary principle: One price and goods returnable. In 1869, he opened his second store at 818 Chestnut Street and capitalizing on his own name (due the untimely death of his brother-in-law), and growing reputation, renamed the company John Wanamaker & Co. In 1875 he purchased an abandoned railroad depot and converted it into a large store, called John Wanamaker & Co. The Grand Depot. Wanamaker's is considered the first department store in Philadelphia. In 1860 John Wanamaker married Mary Erringer Brown (1839–1920). They had six children (two of them died in childhood): John Wanamaker's son Thomas B. Wanamaker, who specialized in store financial matters, purchased a Philadelphia newspaper called The North American in 1899 and irritated his father by giving regular columns to radical intellectuals such as single-taxer Henry George, Jr., socialist Henry John Nelson (who later became Emma Goldman's lawyer), and socialist Caroline H. Pemberton. The younger Wanamaker also began publishing a Sunday edition, which offended his father's Biblically informed religious views. His younger son Rodman Wanamaker, a Princeton graduate, lived in France early in his career and is credited with creating a demand for French luxury goods that persists to this day. Rodman Wanamaker was credited with the artistic emphasis that gave the Wanamaker stores their cachet and also was a patron of fine music, organizing spectacular organ and orchestra concerts in the Wanamaker Philadelphia and New York stores under music director Alexander Russell. Merchant. John Wanamaker opened his first New York store in New York City in 1896, continuing a mercantile business originally started by Alexander Turney Stewart, and continued to expand his business abroad
Built environment The term built environment refers to the human-made surroundings that provide the setting for human activity, ranging in scale from buildings and parks or green space to neighborhoods and cities that can often include their supporting infrastructure, such as water supply, or energy networks. The built environment is a material, spatial and cultural product of human labor that combines physical elements and energy in forms for living, working and playing. It has been defined as “the human-made space in which people live, work, and recreate on a day-to-day basis”. The “built environment encompasses places and spaces created or modified by people including buildings, parks, and transportation systems”. In recent years, public health research has expanded the definition of built environment to include healthy food access, community gardens, “walkabilty, and “bikability”. History. Early concepts of built environment were introduced thousands of years ago. Hippodamus of Miletos, known as the “father of urban planning”, developed Greek cities from 498 BC to 408 BC that created order by using grid plans that mapped the city. These early city plans eventually gave way to the City Beautiful movement in the late 1800s and early 1900s, inspired by Daniel Hudson Burnham, a reformist for the Progressivism movement who actively promoted “a reform of the landscape in tandem with political change”. The effort was in partnership with others who believed that beautifying American cities would improve the moral compass of the cities and encourage the upper class to spend their money in cities. This beautification process included parks and architectural design. Modern built environment. Currently built environments are typically used to describe the interdisciplinary field that addresses the design, construction, management, and use of these man-made surroundings as an interrelated whole as well as their relationship to human activities over time (rather than a particular element in isolation or at a single moment in time). The field is generally not regarded as a traditional profession or academic discipline in its own right, instead drawing upon areas such as economics, law, public policy, public health, management, geography, design, technology, and environmental sustainability. Within the field of public health, built environments are referred to as building or renovating areas in an effort to improve the community’s well-being through construction of “aesthetically, health improved, and environmentally improved landscapes and living structures”. For example; community forest user group in Nepal is multi-dimensional institution, which serves goods and
Possum Bourne Peter Raymond George Possum Bourne (13 April 1956 – 30 April 2003) was a champion New Zealand rally car driver. He died under non-competitive circumstances while driving on a public road that was to be the track for an upcoming race. Awards. He was a three time winner of the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship and the Australian Rally Championship seven times consecutively, amongst many other titles. Family. Bourne lived in Pukekohe, Auckland, near his workshop. He lived with his wife, Peggy Bourne, and three children, Taylor, Spencer, and Jazlin. Bourne earned his nickname, Possum, the night he crashed his mother's Humber 80, while trying to avoid a possum in the middle of the road. His autobiography, Bourne to Rally was completed just days before his death. A bronze memorial statue of Possum, unveiled a year after his death, standed overlooking the event he loved the most. The statue was moved to Pukekohe town square in April 2013, unveiled alongside the 2013 ITM 400 V8 Championship parade. In 2005, Peggy Bourne entered Race to the Sky, despite having had no formal rally driving experience, as a tribute to her late husband. Car of choice. Bourne was best known for his exploits behind the wheel of Subaru cars, initially the RX (the turbocharged version of the Leone), then the Legacy (rebadged as the Liberty for the Australian market because of a perceived clash with charity organisation Legacy Australia). But it would be the Impreza WRX that he would become most associated with, driving for the Prodrive Subaru World Rally Team in Rally New Zealand, Australia and also in Indonesia, partnered by Kenneth Eriksson in the mid 1990s, before going on to win multiple Australian titles with his own team. To congratulate Bourne on his achievements and for promoting Subarus, Subaru Japan even awarded him a black, limited edition Subaru Impreza WRX STi for personal use. Roj. Possum's best friend and co-driver, Dr. Rodger Roj Freeth, died in a freak crash during the 1993 Rally Australia, and the crash almost ended Possum's career. After a lot of soul-searching, and encouragement from the Freeth family he returned to the driver's seat aiming to honour Freeth's legacy. From the time of Freeth's death, Bourne displayed a ROJ license plate on the front of his rally cars. Death. Bourne received serious head injuries in a non-competitive car crash on 18 April 2003, and died
Cyrus Teed Cyrus Reed Teed (October 18, 1839 - December 22, 1908, erroneously Cyrus Tweed) was a U.S. eclectic physician and alchemist turned religious leader and messiah. In 1869, claiming divine inspiration, Dr. Teed took on the name Koresh and proposed a new set of scientific and religious ideas he called Koreshanity, including a unique Hollow Earth theory that posits the Earth and sky exist inside the inner surface of a sphere. In the 1870s, he founded in New York the Koreshan Unity, a commune based around his teachings that moved in 1894 to the small Florida town of Estero. After a peak at 250 residents in 1903–1908, the group went into decline after his death and disappeared in 1961, leaving the Koreshan State Historic Site behind. Biography. As a young physician, Teed was always interested in unconventional experiments, such as alchemy, often involving dangerously high levels of electricity. In the autumn of 1869, during an experiment he was badly shocked, and passed out. During his period of unconsciousness, Teed believed he was visited by a divine spirit who told him that he was the messiah. Inspired, once he awoke Teed vowed to apply his scientific knowledge to redeem humanity. He promptly changed his first name to Koresh, the Hebrew word for Cyrus. He denounced the idea that the Earth revolved around the sun and instead pioneered his own theory of the Universe, known as the Cellular Cosmogony. According to this theory, human beings live on the inside of the planet, not the outside. The sun is a giant battery-operated contraption, and the stars mere refractions of its light. Teed's ideas, called Koreshanity caught on with others. Koreshanity preached cellular cosmogony, alchemy, reincarnation, immortality, celibacy, communism, and a few other radical ideas. Teed started preaching Koreshanity in the 1870s in New York, forming the Koreshan Unity, later moving to Chicago. Teed's followers formed a commune in Chicago in 1888. Some followers also formed a short-lived community in San Francisco (1891-2). Small church groups existed in other towns. Eventually, Teed took his followers to a small Florida town named Estero, to form his New Jerusalem in 1894. The 'golden age' for this community was 1903-1908, when they had over 250 residents and incorporated Estero. They built extensively, establishing a bakery, printing house (publishing their newspaper and other publications), their World College of Life, a general store, concrete works, power plant
City council A city council, town council, town board or board of aldermen is the legislative body that governs a city, town, municipality or local government area. Australia & New Zealand. Because of the differences in legislation between the States, the exact definition of a City Council varies. However, it is generally only those local government areas which have been specifically granted city status (usually on a basis of population) that are entitled to refer to themselves as cities. The official title is Corporation of the City of ------ or similar. Some of the larger urban areas of Australia are governed mostly by a single entity (see Brisbane and other Queensland cities), while others maybe controlled by a multitude of much smaller city councils. Also some significant urban areas can be under the jurisdiction of otherwise rural local governments. Periodic re-alignments of boundaries attempt to rationalize these situations and adjust the deployment of assets and resources. Local councils in New Zealand do vary in structure, but are overseen by the government department Local Government New Zealand. For many decades until the local government reforms of 1989, a borough with more than 20,000 people could be proclaimed a city. The boundaries of councils tended to follow the edge of the built-up area, so little distinction was made between the urban area and the local government area. New Zealand’s local government structural arrangements were significantly reformed by the Local Government Commission in 1989 when approximately 700 councils and special purpose bodies were amalgamated to create 87 new local authorities. As a result, the term city began to take on two meanings. The word city came to be used in a less formal sense to describe major urban areas independent of local body boundaries. This informal usage is jealously guarded. Gisborne, for example, adamantly described itself as the first city in the world to see the new millennium. Gisborne is administered by a district council, but its status as a city is not generally disputed. Under the current law the minimum population for a new city is 50,000. United Kingdom. In the UK, a city council is: In England: In Wales: In Northern Ireland Republic of Ireland. The 2001 Local Government Act restyled the five county boroughs of Dublin, Cork, Galway, Waterford, and Limerick as city councils, with the same status in law as county councils. United States and Canada. City councils
Hillside Strangler The Hillside Strangler is the media epithet for two men, Kenneth Bianchi and Angelo Buono, who were convicted of kidnapping, raping, torturing, and killing girls and women ranging in age from 12 to 28 years old during a four-month period from late 1977 to early 1978. They committed their crimes in the hills above Los Angeles, California. Murders. The first victim of the Hillside Strangler was a Hollywood prostitute, Yolanda Washington, whose body was found near the Forest Lawn Cemetery on October 18, 1977. The corpse was cleaned and faint marks were visible around the neck, wrists, and ankles where a rope had been used. It was discovered that the victim had been raped. On November 1, 1977, police were called to a La Crescenta neighborhood, north east of downtown Los Angeles, where the body of a teenage girl was found naked, face up on a parkway in a residential area. The then homeowner covered her with a tarp to prevent the neighborhood children from viewing her on their way to school. Bruises on her neck indicated strangulation. The body had been dumped, indicating she was killed elsewhere. The girl was eventually identified as Judith Lynn Miller, a runaway prostitute who was barely 15 years old. This event caused the homeowner to relocate his family out of state for their protection. The coroner's report further detailed her being bound much like the first victim, Yolanda Washington. Five days later, on November 6, 1977, the nude body of another woman was discovered near the Chevy Chase Country Club. Like Judith Lynn Miller, she had been strangled with a ligature. The woman was identified as 21-year-old Lissa Teresa Kastin, a waitress, and was last seen leaving work the night before she was discovered. Whereas some of the other victims were prostitutes, Lissa Kastin was a characteristically good girl who had also worked part-time for her father's real estate and construction business. A ballet student, she was saving money to continue her training and hoped to become a professional dancer. Two girls, Dolores Cepeda, 12, and Sonja Johnson, 14, boarded a school bus and headed home on November 13, 1977. The last time they were seen was getting off this bus and approaching a car. Inside the car were reportedly two men. A young boy, cleaning up a trash-strewn hillside near Dodger Stadium, found two bodies, six days later, November
Speech from the throne A speech from the throne (or throne speech) is an event in certain monarchies in which the reigning sovereign (or a representative) reads a prepared speech to members of parliament, outlining the government's agenda for the coming session. This event is often held annually, although in some places it may occur more or less frequently whenever a new session of parliament is opened. Many republics have adopted a similar practice with their head of state, often a president, addressing their legislature (for example, in the United States, the president makes an annual State of the Union address). Historically, when monarchs exercised personal power in government, a speech from the throne was used to outline the policies and objectives of the monarch - as such the speech was usually prepared by the monarch's advisers, with the monarch (or regent in case of a regency) supervising the drafting of the speech to at least some extent and in any case always having the absolute final discretion as to its content. In constitutional monarchies today, whether by law or by convention, the head of state (or representative thereof) reads the speech from the throne, but it is prepared by the ministers of the crown in cabinet, even though the reader may refer to my government. The address not only reports on the condition of the nation but also allows the monarch (or his or her representative) to outline the legislative agenda, for which the cooperation of parliament is needed, and national priorities. Commonwealth realms. In the Commonwealth realms, the Speech From the Throne is the oration given before the legislature (whether both chambers of a bicameral parliament or the single chamber of a unicameral parliament) as part of a lavish affair marking the opening of parliament. In either case, the speech is written by the sitting cabinet, with or without the reader's participation, and outlines the legislative programme for the new parliamentary session. In the United Kingdom, where the practice originated, Her Majesty's Most Gracious Speech, also known as the Gracious Address or, less formally, as the Queen's Speech, is typically read by the reigning sovereign at the State Opening of Parliament; this occurs annually in May—prior to the Fixed Term Parliament Act 2011, the State Opening usually occurred in November or December—or soon after a general election. The monarch may, however, appoint a delegate to perform the
William Orbit William Orbit (born William Mark Wainwright, 15 December 1956) is an English musician, composer and record producer. In the early 1980s he formed synthpop act Torch Song with Laurie Mayer and Grant Gilbert. In 1987 he released the first of his Strange Cargo album series, containing ambient music. Towards the end of the 1990s Orbit started to work with bigger name artists, producing songs on Ray of Light and Music by Madonna, 13 and Think Tank by Blur and Saints and Sinners by All Saints. His work with Madonna led him to win three Grammys. He worked again with Madonna on her 2012 album MDNA producing six songs. Biography. 1956–1980: Early life & first work. William Orbit was born William Wainwright in London's East End in 1956. His mother, of Italian and Swedish descent, and his father, from Yorkshire, were both schoolteachers. He does not have a formal education, having left school at 15 and being entirely self-taught. Aged 16, and living in a squat in Norwich and working as a strawberry picker in the summer, he started to devote himself to guitar playing. Living in squats around Europe and working at various jobs, hotel kitchen worker, motorbike messenger, at a ladies shoes factory, as an accounts clerk (in the days before computers), a night shift worker at the old Heineken Brewery in Amsterdam, junior draftsman at a North Sea oil rig design company (he was 'creative' with his CV') and so on. In these early years he was creatively frustrated, with no means to bring his ideas to life. But an opportunity to work as an assistant at Basing Street Studios just off the Portobello Road in West London gave him a first glimpse into the world of recording. Aged 23, he met Laurie Mayer who had just moved into his squat in an abandoned primary school in Paddington. This semi-derelict Victorian edifice was the perfect environment for live music to flourish, with bands such as Throbbing Gristle frequently performing there. Meyer and Orbit held mini-festivals in the deserted classrooms and workshops of the old school. The building was also home to the Spanish Anarchist collective Centro Iberico. It was around that time, in 1980, that William was asked to model clothes for the designer Takeo Kikuchi in Tokyo and this experience opened his eyes to the world of fashion and the visual arts. On that
He He (, unstressed ) is a third-person, singular personal pronoun (subjective case) in Modern English, as well as being a personal pronoun in Middle English. Usage. People. He can be used as a substitution of a male's name. Animals. He and she are often used to refer to domesticated animals and sometimes non-domesticated animals of the respective sex. Gender neutral. A study has shown that there was a rather extended period of time in the history of the English language when the choice of a supposedly masculine personal pronoun (him) said nothing about the gender or sex of the referent. The use of he to refer to a person of unknown gender was often prescribed by manuals of style and school textbooks from the early 18th century until around the 1960s, an early example of which is Anne Fisher's 1745 grammar book A New Grammar. This may be compared to usage of the word man to humans in general. Gender-specific pronouns were also prescribed when one might presume that most members of some group are the same gender (although in recent times, such presumptions are sometimes seen as offensive). In recent years, the use of he, him or his as gender-neutral pronouns is often discouraged. Other. The pronoun He, with a universally capitalized H, is often used to refer to the Supreme Being, or in Christian contexts, to Jesus Christ; It, with a capitalized I, is also used when speaking of the Supreme Being's nature or Godhead, or in Christian contexts, to refer to the Logos; capitalized He and It have both been used to refer to the Holy Spirit. In Catholic Christian circles, the Blessed Sacrament is also referred to with the capitalized pronoun It. Gender. The gender system in Modern English is generally natural, semantic and logical; however it is most similar to languages whose gender systems primarily distinguish between the animate and inanimate, and between the personal and impersonal. In the table RP stands for relative pronoun and PP for personal pronoun. Etymology. Indo-European. The reconstructed Indo-European language provides a demonstrative pronoun ko. Germanic. English is a development of the West Germanic language family. Old English. Speakers of Old English (OE) considered each noun to have a grammatical gender — masculine, feminine or neuter. Pronouns were generally (but not always) selected to have the same grammatical gender as the noun they referred to. For example,
Ashikaga Yoshiaki The absence of an effective central authority in the capital of Japan had lasted until the warlord Oda Nobunaga's armies entered Kyoto in 1568, re-establishing the Muromachi Shogunate under the puppet shogun Ashikaga Yoshiaki to begin the Azuchi-Momoyama period. Ashikaga Yoshihide, the fourteenth shogun, was deposed without ever entering the capital. Most historians consider 1573 to have been the year in which the Ashikaga shogunate ended. The power of the Ashikaga was effectively destroyed on August 27, 1573 when Oda Nobunaga drove Yoshiaki out of Kyoto. Yoshiaki became a Buddhist monk, shaving his head and taking the name Sho-san, which he later changed to Rei-o In. Some note that Yoshiaki did not formally relinquish his empty title; and for this reason, the empty shell of the shogunate could be said to have continued for several more years. Despite a renewed central authority in Kyoto and Nobunaga's attempt to unify the country, the struggle for power among warring states continued until unification and final peace was achieved long after his assassination in 1582. Events of Yoshiaki's bakufu. Significant events shape the period during which Yoshiaki was shogun: Eras of Yoshiaki's bakufu. The span of years in which Yoshiaki was shogun are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengō.  
16th United States Congress The Sixteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1819 to March 4, 1821, during the third and fourth years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority. Party summary. The count below identifies party affiliations at the beginning of the first session of this congress. Changes resulting from subsequent replacements are shown below in the Changes in membership section. Senate. During this congress, two Senate seats were added for each of the new states of Alabama and Maine. House of Representatives. During this congress, one House seat was added for the new state of Alabama and one seat was reapportioned from Massachusetts to the new state of Maine. For the beginning of the next congress, six more seats from Massachusetts would be reapportioned to Maine. Members. This list is arranged by chamber, then by state. Senators are listed in order of seniority, and Representatives are listed by district. Senate. Senators were elected by the state legislatures every two years, with one-third beginning new six year terms with each Congress. Preceding the names in the list below are Senate class numbers, which indicate the cycle of their election. In this Congress, Class 1 meant their term ended with this Congress, requiring reelection in 1820; Class 2 meant their term began in the last Congress, requiring reelection in 1822; and Class 3 meant their term began in this Congress, requiring reelection in 1824. House of Representatives. Connecticut. All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket. Delaware. Both representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket. Georgia. All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket. Maryland. The 5th district was a plural district with two representatives. New Hampshire. All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket. New Jersey. All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket. New York. There were six plural districts, the 1st, 2nd, 12th, 15th, 20th & 21st, each had two representatives. Pennsylvania. There were six plural districts, the 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 6th & 10th had two representatives each, the 1st had four representatives. Rhode Island. Both
Land of Nod The Land of Nod (, ארץ נוד) is a place in the Book of Genesis of the Hebrew Bible, located on the east of Eden (qidmat-‘Eden), where Cain was exiled by God after Cain had murdered his brother Abel. According to Genesis 4:16: Nod (נוד) is the Hebrew root of the verb to wander (לנדוד). Therefore to dwell in the land of Nod is usually taken to mean that one takes up a wandering life. Genesis 4:17 relates that after arriving in the Land of Nod, Cain's wife bore him a son, Enoch, in whose name he built the first city. Places named Land of Nod. Land of Nod is the name of a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is located at the far end of a two-mile-long road which joins the A614 road at Holme-on-Spalding-Moor. Popular culture references. One of American writer John Steinbeck's most famous novels is East of Eden. The betrayal of a brother is one of its central themes. The Land of Nod also refers to the mythical land of sleep, a pun on Land of Nod (Gen. 4:16). To “go off to the land of Nod” plays with the phrase to “nod off”, meaning to go to sleep. The first recorded use of the phrase to mean sleep comes from Jonathan Swift in his Complete Collection of Polite and Ingenious Conversation (1737) and Gulliver's Travels. A later instance of this usage appears in the poem The Land of Nod by Robert Louis Stevenson from the A Child's Garden of Verses and Underwoods[http://www.bartleby.com/188/](1885) collection. In The Sandman: Preludes & Nocturnes book, The Land of Nod is a pun on the mythical land of sleep, or The Dreaming, Cain's destination after murdering his brother. In Bad Monkeys, a psychological thriller by Matt Ruff, the main character frequently refers to apparent contradictions in her back story as Nod problems. The Land of Nod Trilogy is a series of books by author Gary Hoover. The first book in the trilogy ( Land of Nod, The Artifact ) was published by Fantasy Island Book Publishing in 2011. In games. In the World of Darkness role-playing setting by White Wolf Game Studio, the land of Nod is the home in exile of Caine, the first vampire. God's curse upon Caine is interpreted as transforming him and his line into vampires. The biblical
Walker Evans Walker Evans (November 3, 1903 – April 10, 1975) was an American photographer best known for his work for the Farm Security Administration (FSA) documenting the effects of the Great Depression. Much of Evans's work from the FSA period uses the large-format, 8x10-inch camera. He said that his goal as a photographer was to make pictures that are literate, authoritative, transcendent. Many of his works are in the permanent collections of museums and have been the subject of retrospectives at such institutions as The Metropolitan Museum of Art or George Eastman House. Biography. Early life. Born in St. Louis, Missouri, to Jessie (née Crane) and Walker, Walker Evans came from an affluent family. His father was an advertising director. He spent his youth in Toledo, Chicago, and New York City. He graduated from Phillips Academy, in Andover, Massachusetts, 1922. He studied French literature for a year at Williams College, spending much of his time in the school's library, before dropping out. After spending a year in Paris in 1926, he returned to the United States to join the edgy literary and art crowd in New York City. John Cheever, Hart Crane, and Lincoln Kirstein were among his friends. He was a clerk for a stockbroker firm in Wall street from 1927 to 1929. Evans took up photography in 1928 around the time he was living in Ossining, New York. In 1930, he published three photographs (Brooklyn Bridge) in the poetry book The Bridge by Hart Crane. In 1931, he took photo series of Victorian houses in the Boston vicinity sponsored by Lincoln Kirstein. In 1933, he photographed in Cuba on assignment for the publisher of Carleton Beals' then-forthcoming book, The Crime of Cuba, photographing the revolt against the dictator Gerardo Machado. In Cuba, Evans briefly knew Ernest Hemingway. Depression-Era Photography. In 1935, Evans spent two months at first on a fixed-term photographic campaign for the Resettlement Administration (RA) in West Virginia and Pennsylvania. From October on, he continued to do photographic work for the RA and later the Farm Security Administration (FSA), primarily in the Southern United States. In the summer of 1936, while still working for the FSA, he and writer James Agee were sent by Fortune magazine on assignment to Hale County, Alabama, for a story the magazine subsequently opted not to run. In 1941, Evans's photographs and Agee's text detailing the duo's stay with
Radio Data System Radio Data System, or RDS, is a communications protocol standard for embedding small amounts of digital information in conventional FM radio broadcasts. RDS standardizes several types of information transmitted, including time, station identification and programme information. The standard began as a project of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), but has since become an international standard of the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). Radio Broadcast Data System (RBDS) is the official name used for the U.S. version of RDS. The two standards are only slightly different. Both carry data at 1,187.5 bits per second on a 57 kHz subcarrier, so there are exactly 48 cycles of subcarrier during every data bit. The RBDS/RDS subcarrier was set to the third harmonic of the 19 kHz FM stereo pilot tone to minimize interference and intermodulation between the data signal, the stereo pilot and the 38 kHz DSB-SC stereo difference signal. (The stereo difference signal extends up to 38 kHz + 15 kHz = 53 kHz, leaving 4 kHz for the lower sideband of the RDS signal.) The data is sent with error correction. RDS defines many features including how private (in-house) or other undefined features can be packaged in unused program groups. Development. RDS was inspired by the development of the Autofahrer-Rundfunk-Informationssystem (ARI) in Germany by the Institut für Rundfunktechnik (IRT) and the radio manufacturer Blaupunkt. ARI used a 57 kHz subcarrier to indicate the presence of traffic information in an FM radio broadcast. The EBU Technical Committee launched a project at its 1974 Paris meeting to develop a technology with similar purposes to ARI, but which was more flexible and which would enable automated retuning of a receiver where a broadcast network transmitted the same radio programme on a number of different frequencies. The modulation system was based on that used in a Swedish paging system and the baseband coding was a new design, mainly developed by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) and the IRT. The EBU issued the first RDS specification in 1984. Enhancements to the alternative frequencies functionality were added to the standard and it was subsequently published as a European Committee for Electrotechnical Standardization (CENELEC) standard in 1990. In 1992 the US National Radio Systems Committee issued the North American version of the RDS standard, called the Radio Broadcast Data System. The CENELEC standard was updated in 1992 with the addition of Traffic Message Channel and
Fuze Beverage Fuze Beverage, commercially referred to as simply Fuze (pronunciation: fu-zee), is a manufacturer of teas and non-carbonated fruit drinks enriched with vitamins. Currently the brand consists of five vitamin-infused lines: Slenderize, Refresh, Tea, Defensify, and Vitalize. The use of vitamins, amino acids, and herbs, and alternative sweeteners such as crystalline fructose places Fuze products in what is known in the industry as the new age beverage category. Company history. Fuze Beverage was founded by Lance Collins and creative director Paula Grant in the basement of Collins' Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey home in 2000. The brand was first launched in the Northern California market in 2001 with three flavors packaged in fruit-themed bottles: mixed berry, banana colada and cranberry raspberry. In 2002 the brand launched two additional flavors, peach mango and tropical punch; the same year, the company grew to 30 employees and moved out of Collins' basement. The company continued to expand rapidly, launching new flavors throughout 2004 and 2005. Since 2005, Fuze products may be found in most major retailers, with sales exceeding 11 million cases by 2006. The company's growth attracted the attention of The Coca-Cola Company, which purchased Fuze Beverage in February 2007 for an estimated $250 million. Coke also gained the rights to NOS Energy Drinks and WaterPlus as part of the purchase. It was one of Coke's largest acquisitions since it bought Odwalla Inc. for $186 million in 2001. The move was seen as a strategic effort to expand the company's portfolio of non-carbonated beverages, and specifically to compete with PepsiCo's SoBe line of fruit juice blends and enhanced waters. It also confirmed a strategy shift from Coke's long-time practice of developing new products in house in favor of buying innovative beverage companies. Fuze launched over 40 new products and line extensions since its inception. Coke named Carl Sweat, previously senior vice president of sales and marketing of its retail division, as president and general manager to lead Fuze as a separate entity. Company founder Lance Collins was named head of innovation and strategy. Leveraging Coke's distribution system and relationships, sales more than doubled from 2007 to 2008. In 2009, Fuze entered into an agreement to sell its products fountain-style in over 22,000 Subway sandwich shops. Sweat departed the company in 2009 for a post in the global beverage unit at Starbucks. Health benefits. Fuze beverages are marketed as natural health products
Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya (, Catalan Government Railways), or FGC, is a railway company which operates several unconnected lines in Catalonia, Spain. The lines operated include metro and commuter lines in and around the city of Barcelona, tourist operated mountain railways, and rural railway lines. They include of 600mm gauge route, of metre gauge route, of standard gauge route, and of broad gauge route, making the FGC one of the few railway companies to operate on four different gauges. Whilst most lines are conventional adhesion railways, the FGC also operates two rack railways and four funicular railways. History. FGC was founded on September 5, 1979 to manage lines whose ownership was transferred from the state-owned FEVE to the Generalitat of Catalonia in 1978 as part of the process of regional devolution under the Spanish Constitution of 1978. Its oldest line, the standard gauge Línia Barcelona-Vallès however dates back to 1863 which was built and operated by Companyia del Ferrocarril de Barcelona a Sarrià from 1863 until 1874, and Ferrocarril de Sarrià a Barcelona (FSB) (with Ferrocarrils de Catalunya (FCC)) from 1874 until financial difficulties forced FSB and FCC to be acquired by FEVE in 1977, which operated it until FGC took over the line in 1979. The second oldest line the Línia Llobregat-Anoia was opened in 1892 as an interurban tram using metre gauge tracks, which was taken over by the Companyia General dels Ferrocarrils Catalans (CGFC) in 1912 and transformed it into a train line; CGFC being later taken over by FSB and FCC, followed by the broad gauge Lleida – La Pobla de Segur line in 1951 and operated by RENFE until it was transferred to FGC in 2005-2010. Barcelona metro and commuter lines. FGC operates some of the Barcelona commuter rail network. All lines are overhead DC electrified at 1.5kV. There are two distinct (and separate) systems: The line numbering is as follows: Mountain railway, tourist and funicular lines. The FGC operates three mountain railway lines: The FGC also operates four funicular railways: Broad-gauge lines. On 1 January 2005, ownership of the non-electrified broad-gauge line from Lleida to La Pobla de Segur passed from RENFE to FGC. This is the most derelict line in Catalonia — the stretch from Lleida to Balaguer was upgraded (using second-hand rails) in the recent past, but from Balaguer northwards the track is
Proximity fuze A proximity fuze is a fuze that detonates an explosive device automatically when the distance to the target becomes smaller than a predetermined value, or when the fuze and the target pass by each other. Various kinds of proximity fuzes are designed for various targets such as planes, missiles, ships at sea and ground forces. They provide a more sophisticated trigger mechanism than the common contact fuze. The proximity fuze is considered one of the most important technological innovations of World War II. One of the first practical proximity fuzes was codenamed the VT fuze, an acronym of Variable Time fuze, as deliberate camouflage for its operating principle. The VT fuze concept in the context of artillery shells originated in the UK with British researchers (particularly Sir Samuel Curran and W. A. S. Butement, whose schematic design for a radar proximity fuze was used with only minor variations) and was developed under the direction of physicist Merle A. Tuve at The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab (APL). The Germans were supposedly also working on proximity fuses in the 1930s, research and prototype work at Rheinmetall being halted in 1940 to devote available resources to projects deemed more necessary. History. Before the fuze's invention, detonation had to be induced either by direct contact, or a timer set at launch, or an altimeter. All of these have disadvantages. The probability of a direct hit with a relatively small moving target is low; to set a time- or height-triggered fuze one must measure the height of the target (or even predict the height of the target at the time one will be able to get a shell or missile in its neighbourhood). With a proximity fuze, all one has to worry about is getting a shell or missile on a trajectory that, at some time, will pass close by the target. This is still not a trivial task, but it is much easier to execute than previous methods. Use of timing to produce air bursts against ground targets requires observers to provide information for adjusting the timing. This is not practical in many situations and is slow in any event. Proximity fuzes fitted to such weapons as artillery and mortar shells solve this problem by having a range of pre-set burst heights (e.g. 2, 4 or 10 metres, or about 7, 13, or 33 feet) above ground, which can
Juche The Juche Idea, sometimes spelled Chuch'e (; ), is a political thesis formed by Kim Il-sung that states that the north Korean masses are the masters of the country's development. From the 1950s to the 1970s, Kim and other party theorists such as Hwang Jang-yop elaborated the Juche Idea into a set of principles that the North Korea government uses to justify its policy decisions. Among these are a strong military posture and reliance on Korean national resources. The name comes from juche, sometimes translated in North Korean sources as independent stand or spirit of self-reliance. It has also been interpreted as always putting Korean things first. According to Kim Il-sung, the Juche Idea is based on the belief that man is the master of everything and decides everything. Origin. The first known reference to Juche as a North Korean ideology was an anti-Soviet speech given by Kim Il-sung on December 28, 1955. Titled On Eliminating Dogmatism and Formalism and Establishing Juche in Ideological Work, it was given to promote a political purge similar to the earlier Yan'an Rectification Movement in China. The process for the development of Juche followed a process similar to China's development of Zili Gengsheng, in that both came from a doubt in the benefits of being in the Soviet orbit, and that both ideologies stimulated a turn towards the Third World in foreign policy. Hwang Jang-yeop, Kim's top adviser on ideology, discovered Kim's 1955 speech at the time when Kim, after having established a cult of personality, sought to develop his own version of Marxism–Leninism into a society-defining credo. North Korean sources began to trace the origins of Juche to a June 30, 1930 speech by Kim Il-sung, who was then 18 years old. Ideology. In Kim Il-sung's 1955 speech, the first on Juche, he stated: Kim focuses on the importance of education and learning Korean history. Through the education of Korean people's own history will it stimulate their national pride and rouse the broad masses to revolutionary struggle. Kim talks throughout his speech bulleting monumental events of the past and how certain outcomes could have been prevented. He stresses the importance of remembering their struggle, and that not learning their past, or denying it would mean that our people did nothing. Kim Il-sung outlined the three fundamental principles of Juche in his April 14, 1965, speech On Socialist Construction and the South
Matroska The Matroska Multimedia Container is an open standard free container format, a file format that can hold an unlimited number of video, audio, picture, or subtitle tracks in one file. It is intended to serve as a universal format for storing common multimedia content, like movies or TV shows. Matroska is similar in concept to other containers like AVI, MP4, or Advanced Systems Format (ASF), but is entirely open in specification, with implementations consisting mostly of open source software. Matroska file extensions are .MKV for video (with subtitles and audio), .MK3D for stereoscopic video, .MKA for audio-only files, and .MKS for subtitles only. The name Matroska is derived from the Russian word Matryoshka ( ), which means nesting doll (the common Russian cylindrical-shaped doll within a doll). This is a play on the container (media within a form of media/doll within a doll) aspect of the matryoshka as it is a container for visual and audio data. The loose transliteration may be confusing to Russian speakers, as the Russian word matroska () actually refers to a sailor suit. (The logo, however, uses Matroška.) History. The project was announced on 6 December 2002 as a fork of the Multimedia Container Format (MCF), after disagreements between MCF lead developer Lasse Kärkkäinen and soon-to-be Matroska founder Steve Lhomme about the use of the Extensible Binary Meta Language (EBML) instead of a binary format. This coincided with a long coding break by the MCF's lead developer, during which most of the community quickly migrated to the new project. In 2010, it was announced that the WebM audio/video format would be based on a profile of the Matroska container format together with VP8 video and Vorbis audio. Goals. The use of EBML allows extension for future format changes. The Matroska team have openly expressed some of their long term goals on Doom9.org and hydrogenaudio.org. Thus, the following are goals, not necessarily existing features, of Matroska: Software support. A range of software has native Matroska support. Those include media players such as Zoom Player, PotPlayer, MPlayer, VLC, GOM Player, ALLPlayer, Elmedia Player, foobar2000 and PowerDVD and media centers such as Plex, Boxee, PS3 Media Server and XBMC, and the web browser Google Chrome. A number of software tools such as FFmpeg, HandBrake, XMedia Recode, Format Factory and Pinnacle Studio also support Matroska. Version 4.0 and later of the Android operating system can also natively
San Fermín The festival of San Fermín (or Sanfermines, ) in the city of Pamplona (Navarre, Spain), is a deeply rooted celebration held annually from 12:00, 6 July, when the opening of the party is marked by setting off the pyrotechnic chupinazo, to midnight 14 July, with the singing of the Pobre de Mí. While its most famous event is the encierro, or the running of the bulls, which happens at 8:00 am from July 7th to July 14th, the week long celebration involves many other traditional and folkloric events. It is known locally as Sanfermines and is held in honor of Saint Fermin, the co-patron of Navarre. Its events were central to the plot of The Sun Also Rises, by Ernest Hemingway, which brought it to the general attention of English-speaking people. It has become probably the most internationally renowned fiesta in Spain. Over 1,000,000 people come to participate in this festival. History. Saint Fermin. Fermin is said to have been the son of a Roman of senatorial rank in Pamplona in the 3rd century, who was converted to Christianity by Saint Honestus, a disciple of Saint Saturninus. According to tradition, he was baptised by Saturninus (in Navarre also known as Saint Cernin) at the spot now known as the Small Well of Saint Cernin Fermin was ordained a priest in Toulouse and returned to Pamplona as its first bishop. On a later preaching voyage, Fermin was beheaded in Amiens, France; and is now considered a martyr in the Catholic Church. It is believed he died on September 25, AD 303. There is no written record of veneration in Pamplona of the Saint until the 12th century. Saint Fermin, as well as Saint Francis Xavier, are now the two patrons of Navarre. At Pamplona, Saint Fermin is now sometimes said to have met his end by being dragged through the streets of Pamplona by bulls, a fate more commonly attributed to his mentor, Saturnin. Origins. The celebration of the festival has its origin in the combination of two different medieval events. Commercial secular fairs were held at the beginning of the summer. As cattle merchants came into town with their animals, eventually bullfighting came to be organized as a part of the tradition. Specifically, they were first documented in the 14th century. On the other hand religious ceremonies honoring the saint were held on October 10. However in
Windows Media Video ' Windows Media Video (WMV) is a video compression format for several proprietary codecs developed by Microsoft. The original video format, known as WMV, was originally designed for Internet streaming applications, as a competitor to RealVideo. The other formats, such as WMV Screen and WMV Image, cater for specialized content. Through standardization from the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE), WMV 9 has gained adoption for physical-delivery formats such as HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc. History. In 2003, Microsoft drafted a video codec specification based on its WMV 9 codec and submitted it to SMPTE for standardization. The standard was officially approved in March 2006 as SMPTE 421M, better known as VC-1, thus making the WMV 9 format an open standard. Since then, VC-1 has become one of the three allowable video formats for the Blu-ray format, along with H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 and H.264. Container format. A WMV file is in most circumstances encapsulated in the Advanced Systems Format (ASF) container format. The file extension .WMV typically describes ASF files that use Windows Media Video codecs. The audio codec used in conjunction with Windows Media Video is typically some version of Windows Media Audio, or in rarer cases, the deprecated Sipro ACELP.net audio codec. Microsoft recommends that ASF files containing non-Windows Media codecs use the generic .ASF file extension. The ASF container can optionally support digital rights management using a combination of elliptic curve cryptography key exchange, DES block cipher, a custom block cipher, RC4 stream cipher and the SHA-1 hashing function. Although WMV is generally packed into the ASF container format, it can also be put into the Matroska or AVI container format. The resulting files have the .MKV and .AVI file extensions, respectively. One common way to store WMV in an AVI file is to use the WMV 9 Video Compression Manager (VCM) codec implementation. Video compression formats. Windows Media Video. Windows Media Video (WMV) is the most recognized video format within the WMV family. Usage of the term WMV often refers to the Microsoft Windows Media Video codec only. Its main competitors are MPEG-4 AVC, AVS, RealVideo, and MPEG-4 ASP. The first version of the codec, WMV 7, was introduced in 1999, and was built upon Microsoft's implementation of MPEG-4 Part 2. Continued proprietary development led to newer versions of the codec, but the bit stream syntax was not frozen until
Gymnotiformes The Gymnotiformes are a group of teleost bony fishes commonly known as the Neotropical or South American knifefishes. They have long bodies and swim using undulations of their elongated anal fin. Found exclusively in fresh water, these mostly nocturnal fishes are capable of producing electric fields for navigation, communication, and, in the case of the electric eel (Electrophorus electricus), attack and defense. A few species are familiar to the aquarium trade, such as the black ghost knifefish (Apteronotus albifrons), the glass knifefish (Eigenmannia virescens), and the banded knifefish (Gymnotus carapo). Description. Aside from the electric eel (Electrophorus electricus), Gymnotiformes are slender fish with narrow bodies and tapering tails, hence the common name of knifefishes. They have neither pelvic fins nor dorsal fins, but do possess greatly elongated anal fins that stretch along almost the entire underside of their bodies. The fish swim by rippling this fin, keeping their bodies rigid. This means of propulsion allows them to move backwards as easily as they move forward. The caudal fin is absent, or in the apteronotids, greatly reduced. The gill opening is restricted. The anal opening is under the head or the pectoral fins. These fish possess electric organs that allow them to produce electricity. In most gymnotiforms, the electric organs are derived from muscle cells. However, adult apteronotids are one exception, as theirs are derived from nerve cells (spinal electromotor neurons). In gymnotiforms, the electric organ discharge may be continuous or pulsed. If continuous, it is generated day and night throughout the entire life of the individual. Certain aspects of the electric signal are unique to each species, especially a combination of the pulse waveform, duration, amplitude, phase and frequency. The electric organs of most Gymnotiformes produce tiny discharges of just a few millivolts, far too weak to cause any harm to other fish. Instead, they are used to help navigate the environment, including locating the bottom-dwelling invertebrates that compose their diets. They may also be used to send signals between fish of the same species. In addition to this low-level field, the electric eel also has the capability to produce much more powerful discharges to stun prey. Taxonomy. Currently, about 150 known species in 32 genera are contained in five families, and at least 50 or so additional species are known but are yet to be formally described. The actual number of species in the wild is unknown.
Personality rights The right of publicity, often called personality rights, is the right of an individual to control the commercial use of his or her name, image, likeness, or other unequivocal aspects of one's identity. It is generally considered a property right as opposed to a personal right, and as such, the validity of the Right of Publicity can survive the death of the individual (to varying degrees depending on the jurisdiction). Personality rights are generally considered to consist of two types of rights: the right of publicity, or to keep one's image and likeness from being commercially exploited without permission or contractual compensation, which is similar to the use of a trademark; and the right to privacy, or the right to be left alone and not have one's personality represented publicly without permission. In common law jurisdictions, publicity rights fall into the realm of the tort of passing off. United States jurisprudence has substantially extended this right. A commonly cited justification for this doctrine, from a policy standpoint, is the notion of natural rights and the idea that every individual should have a right to control how, if at all, his or her persona is commercialized by third parties. Usually, the motivation to engage in such commercialization is to help propel sales or visibility for a product or service, which usually amounts to some form of commercial speech (which in turn receives the lowest level of judicial scrutiny). The world's only registrable personality and image rights legislation was enacted in the British Channel Island of Guernsey, on 3 December 2012 (see under Guernsey below for further details). Civil law and common law jurisdictions. In contrast with common law jurisdictions, most civil law jurisdictions have specific civil code provisions that protect an individual's image, personal data and other generally private information. Exceptions have been carved out of these general, broad privacy rights when dealing with news and public figures. Thus, while it may violate an ordinary citizen's privacy to speak about their medical records, one is generally allowed to report on more intimate details in the lives of celebrities and politicians. Unlike most common law jurisdictions the personality rights in civil law are generally inheritable, thus one can make a claim against someone who invades the privacy of a deceased relative if the memory of their character is besmirched by such publication. Personality rights have developed out of common
Industrial design right An industrial design right is an intellectual property right that protects the visual design of objects that are not purely utilitarian. An industrial design consists of the creation of a shape, configuration or composition of pattern or color, or combination of pattern and color in three dimensional form containing aesthetic value. An industrial design can be a two- or three-dimensional pattern used to produce a product, industrial commodity or handicraft. Under the Hague Agreement Concerning the International Deposit of Industrial Designs, a WIPO-administered treaty, a procedure for an international registration exists. An applicant can file for a single international deposit with WIPO or with the national office in a country party to the treaty. The design will then be protected in as many member countries of the treaty as desired. Design rights started in the United Kingdom in 1787 with the Designing and Printing of Linen Act and have expanded from there. An industrial design right can be viewed as a sui generis intellectual property right similar to copyright. Legislations. Kenya. According to industrial property Act 2001, an industrial design is defined as any composition of lines or colours or any three dimensional form whether or not associated with lines or colours, provided that such composition or form gives a special appearance to a product of industry or handicraft and can serve as pattern for a product of industry or handicraft . An industrial design is registrable if it is new. An industrial design is deemed to be new if it has not been disclosed to the public, anywhere in the world, by publication in tangible form or, in Kenya by use or in any other way, prior to the filing date or, where applicable, the priority date of the application for registration. However a disclosure of the industrial design is not taken into consideration if it occurred not earlier than twelve months before the filing date or, where applicable, the priority date of the application and if it was by reason or in consequence of acts committed by the applicant or his predecessor in title; or an evident abuse committed by a third party in relation to the applicant or his predecessor in title. India. India's Design Act, 2000 was enacted to consolidate and amend the law relating to protection of design and to comply with the articles 25 and 26 of TRIPS agreement. The
Henry Raeburn Sir Henry Raeburn FRSE RSA (4 March 1756 – 8 July 1823) was a Scottish portrait painter and Scotland's first significant portrait painter since the Union to remain based in Scotland. He served as Portrait Painter to His Majesty in Scotland. Biography. Raeburn was born the son of a manufacturer in Stockbridge, a former village now within the city of Edinburgh. Orphaned, he was supported by his older brother and placed in Heriot's Hospital, where he received an education. At the age of fifteen he was apprenticed to a goldsmith, and various pieces of jewellery, mourning rings and the like, adorned with minute drawings on ivory by his hand, still exist. Soon he took to the production of carefully finished portrait miniatures; meeting with success and patronage, he extended his practice to oil painting, at which he was self-taught. The goldsmith watched the progress of his pupil with interest, and introduced him to David Martin, who had been the favourite assistant of Allan Ramsay the Latter, and was now the leading portrait painter in Edinburgh. Raeburn was especially aided by the loan of portraits to copy. Soon he had gained sufficient skill to make him decide to devote himself exclusively to painting. In his early twenties, he was asked to paint the portrait of a young lady whom he had previously observed and admired when he was sketching from nature in the fields. Anne was the daughter of Peter Edgar of Bridgelands, and widow of Count Leslie. Fascinated by the handsome and intellectual young artist, she became his wife within a month, bringing him an ample fortune. The acquisition of wealth did not affect his enthusiasm or his industry, but spurred him on to acquire a thorough knowledge of his craft. It was usual for artists to visit Italy, and Raeburn set off with his wife. In London he was kindly received by Sir Joshua Reynolds the president of the Royal Academy, who advised him on what to study in Rome, especially recommending the works of Michelangelo, and gave Raeburn many valuable letters of introduction for Italy. In Rome he met his fellow Scot Gavin Hamilton, Pompeo Girolamo Batoni and Byers, an antique dealer whose advice proved particularly useful, especially the recommendation that he should never copy an object from memory, but, from the principal figure to the minutest accessory, have it placed before him. After two
Pompeo Batoni Pompeo Girolamo Batoni (25 January 1708 – 4 February 1787) was an Italian painter whose style incorporated elements of the French Rococo, Bolognese classicism, and nascent Neoclassicism. Batoni aimed at overcoming the excesses and frivolities of the Rococo by taking inspiration in classical antiquity and in the work of artists such as Nicolas Poussin, and especially Raphael. As such he was a precursor of Neoclassicism. Biography. He was born in Lucca, the son of a goldsmith, Paolino Batoni. He moved to Rome in 1727, and apprenticed with Agostino Masucci, Sebastiano Conca and/or Francesco Imperiali (1679–1740). Batoni owed his first independent commission to the rains that struck Rome in April 1732. Seeking shelter from a sudden storm, Forte Gabrielli di Gubbio, count of Baccaresca took cover under the portico of the Palazzo dei Conservatori on the Capitoline Hill. Here the nobleman met the young artist who was drawing the ancient bas-reliefs and the paintings of the staircase of the palace. Impressed by his skill and the purity of the design, Gabrielli asked Batoni to see some of his works, and when conducted to the painter's studio he was so awed by his talent that he offered him to paint a new altarpiece for the chapel of his family in San Gregorio Magno al Celio, the Madonna on a Throne with child and four Saints and Blesseds of the Gabrielli family (1732–33). The Gabrielli Madonna obtained general admiration and by the early 1740s Batoni started to receive other independent commissions. In 1741, he was inducted into the Accademia di San Luca. His celebrated painting, The Ecstasy of Saint Catherine of Siena (1743) illustrates his academic refinement of the late-Baroque style. Another masterpiece, his Fall of Simon Magus was painted initially for the St Peter's Basilica. Batoni became a highly-fashionable painter in Rome, particularly after his rival, the proto-neoclassicist Anton Raphael Mengs, departed for Spain in 1761. Batoni befriended Winckelmann and, like him, aimed in his painting to the restrained classicism of painters from earlier centuries, such as Raphael and Poussin, rather than to the work of the Venetian artists then in vogue. He was greatly in demand for portraits, particularly by the British traveling through Rome, who took pleasure in commissioning standing portraits set in the milieu of antiquities, ruins, and works of art. There are records of over 200 portraits by Batoni of visiting British patrons. Such Grand
Petri net A Petri net (also known as a place/transition net or P/T net) is one of several mathematical modeling languages for the description of distributed systems. A Petri net is a directed bipartite graph, in which the nodes represent transitions (i.e. events that may occur, signified by bars) and places (i.e. conditions, signified by circles). The directed arcs describe which places are pre- and/or postconditions for which transitions (signified by arrows) occurs. Some sources state that Petri nets were invented in August 1939 by Carl Adam Petri — at the age of 13 — for the purpose of describing chemical processes. Like industry standards such as UML activity diagrams, BPMN and EPCs, Petri nets offer a graphical notation for stepwise processes that include choice, iteration, and concurrent execution. Unlike these standards, Petri nets have an exact mathematical definition of their execution semantics, with a well-developed mathematical theory for process analysis. Petri net basics. A Petri net consists of places, transitions, and arcs. Arcs run from a place to a transition or vice versa, never between places or between transitions. The places from which an arc runs to a transition are called the input places of the transition; the places to which arcs run from a transition are called the output places of the transition. Graphically, places in a Petri net may contain a discrete number of marks called tokens. Any distribution of tokens over the places will represent a configuration of the net called a marking. In an abstract sense relating to a Petri net diagram, a transition of a Petri net may fire if it is enabled, i.e. there are sufficient tokens in all of its input places; when the transition fires, it consumes the required input tokens, and creates tokens in its output places. A firing is atomic, i.e., a single non-interruptible step. Unless an execution policy is defined, the execution of Petri nets is nondeterministic: when multiple transitions are enabled at the same time, any one of them may fire. Since firing is nondeterministic, and multiple tokens may be present anywhere in the net (even in the same place), Petri nets are well suited for modeling the concurrent behavior of distributed systems. Formal definition and basic terminology. Petri nets are state-transition systems that extend a class of nets called elementary nets. Definition 1. A net is a triple formula_1 where: Definition 2. Given a net
William Ernest Henley William Ernest Henley (23 August 1849 – 11 July 1903) was an English poet, critic and editor, best remembered for his 1875 poem Invictus. Life and career. Henley was born in Gloucester and was the oldest of a family of six children, five sons and a daughter. His father, William, a bookseller and stationer, died in 1868 and was survived by young children and creditors. His mother, Mary Morgan, was descended from the poet and critic Joseph Wharton. Between 1861 and 1867, Henley was a pupil at the Crypt Grammar School (founded 1539). A commission had recently attempted to revive the school by securing as headmaster the brilliant and academically distinguished T. E. Brown (1830–1897). Though Brown's tenure was relatively brief (c.1857–63), he was a revelation to Henley because the poet was a man of genius—the first I'd ever seen. Brown and Henley began a lifelong friendship, and Henley wrote an admiring obituary to Brown in the New Review (December 1897): He was singularly kind to me at a moment when I needed kindness even more than I needed encouragement. From the age of 12, Henley suffered from tuberculosis of the bone that resulted in the amputation of his left leg below the knee in 1868–69. According to Robert Louis Stevenson's letters, the idea for the character of Long John Silver was inspired by Stevenson's real-life friend Henley. Stevenson's stepson, Lloyd Osbourne, described Henley as ... a great, glowing, massive-shouldered fellow with a big red beard and a crutch; jovial, astoundingly clever, and with a laugh that rolled like music; he had an unimaginable fire and vitality; he swept one off one's feet. In a letter to Henley after the publication of Treasure Island, Stevenson wrote, I will now make a confession: It was the sight of your maimed strength and masterfulness that begot Long John Silver ... the idea of the maimed man, ruling and dreaded by the sound, was entirely taken from you. Frequent illness often kept him from school, although the misfortunes of his father's business may also have contributed. In 1867, Henley passed the Oxford Local Schools Examination and soon moved to London where he attempted to establish himself as a journalist. However, his work over the next eight years was interrupted by long stays in the hospital because his right foot had also grown diseased. Henley contested the diagnosis that a
Timeline of the American Revolution The American Revolution was the political upheaval during the last half of the 18th century in which thirteen colonies in North America joined together to break free of the British Empire, combining to become the United States of America. The Revolution includes political, social, and military aspects. The Revolutionary era is generally considered to have begun with the Battles of Lexington and Concord (1775) and ended with the ratification of the United States Constitution in 1789. The military phase of the Revolution, the American Revolutionary War, lasted from 1775 to 1783.  
Henry Miller Shreve Henry Miller Shreve (October 21, 1785 – March 6, 1851) was the American inventor and steamboat captain who opened the Mississippi, Ohio and Red rivers to steamboat navigation. Shreveport, Louisiana, is named in his honor. Shreve was also instrumental in breaking the Fulton-Livingston monopoly on steamboat traffic on the lower Mississippi. He was the first riverboat captain to travel the Ohio and Mississippi rivers to New Orleans and back, as well as the first to bring a keelboat from the Ohio River up the Mississippi to the Fever River in Illinois. Shreve also made significant improvements to the steamboat and the steam engine, such as separate boilers to power side paddlewheels independently, horizontal cylinders, and multiple decks to allow for passengers and entertainment. Early life. Shreve was born to Israel Shreve, a Quaker who had served with honor in the American Revolution, and the former Mary Cokely at Mount Pleasant, the family homestead near Columbus in Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey. On July 7, 1788, the Shreves left New Jersey for their new home on property owned by George Washington in Fayette County, Pennsylvania. Young Henry's new home was close to the Youghiogheny River near the present day borough of Perryopolis. After his father's death in 1799, Shreve served on several riverboats to help support his family. After purchasing his own boat Shreve began trading between Brownsville, Pennsylvania, where he resided, and ports as far away as New Orleans. On a voyage in 1814, Shreve's barge was registered at New Orleans on February 11. After his boat was loaded with cargo, Shreve and crew hauled and poled the vessel 2,200 miles against strong river currents, probably reaching Brownsville before July, 1814. The Enterprise. A group of Brownsville investors had formed a stock company, the Monongahela and Ohio Steam Boat Company, to conduct steamboat commerce on the Western rivers. To this end, the company commissioned a new steamboat to be constructed at Brownsville. During the winter and spring of 1814, while Shreve was on the voyage to New Orleans, the Enterprise, with an engine and power train designed and built by Daniel French, was constructed. Between June and December 1814, the Enterprise, under the command of Israel Gregg, made two successful voyages transporting passengers and cargo to ports between Brownsville and Louisville, Kentucky. By December, the company had decided to send the Enterprise to New Orleans
Kunrei-shiki romanization Kunrei-shiki is sometimes known as the Monbushō system in English, because it is taught in the Monbushō-approved elementary school curriculum. The ISO has standardized Kunrei-shiki under ISO 3602. Kunrei-shiki is based on the older Nihon-shiki (Nipponsiki) system, modified for modern standard Japanese. For example, the word かなづかい, romanized kanadukai in Nihon-shiki, is pronounced kanazukai in common modern Japanese, and Kunrei-shiki uses the latter spelling. History. In the period before World War II there was a political conflict between supporters of Hepburn romanization and supporters of Nihon-shiki romanization. In 1930 a board of inquiry under the aegis of the Minister of Education was established to determine the proper romanization system. The Japanese government, by cabinet order (訓令 kunrei),), announced on September 21, 1937 that a modified form of Nihon-shiki would be officially adopted Kunrei-shiki. The form at the time differs slightly from the modern day form. Originally the system was called the Kokutei (国定, government-authorized) system. The Japanese government gradually introduced Kunrei-shiki. It appeared in secondary education, on railway station signboards, on nautical charts, and on the 1:1,000,000 scale International Map of the World. In the period when the central government had strong control, from 1937 to 1945, the Japanese government used Kunrei-shiki in its tourist brochures. In Japan, some usage of Nihon-shiki and Modified Hepburn remained because some individuals supported the usage of those systems. J. Marshall Unger, author of Literacy and Script Reform in Occupation Japan : Reading between the Lines, said that the Hepburn supporters understandably believed that the Kunrei-shiki compromise was not fair, because of the presence of the un-English-looking spellings that the Modified Hepburn supporters had opposed. Andrew Horvat, author of Japanese Beyond Words: How to Walk and Talk Like a Native Speaker, argued that by forcing non-native speakers of Japanese with no intentions of learning the language to abide by a system intended for those who have some command of Japanese, the government gave the impression of intolerant language management that would have dire consequences later on. After the Japanese government was defeated in 1945, General Douglas MacArthur, the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers issued a directive, dated September 3, 1945, that stated that Modified Hepburn was the method for transcribing Japanese names. Some editorials printed in Japanese newspapers advocated for only using Hepburn. Supporters of Hepburn denounced pro-Kunrei-shiki and pro-Nihon-shiki advocates to the SCAP offices, accusing them of being inactive
Bronisław Malinowski Bronisław Kasper Malinowski (; 1884–1942) was a Polish-born British anthropologist, one of the most important 20th-century anthropologists. He has been also referred to as a sociologist and ethnographer. From 1910, Malinowski studied exchange and economics at the London School of Economics under Seligman and Westermarck, analysing patterns of exchange in aboriginal Australia through ethnographic documents. In 1914 he was given a chance to travel to New Guinea accompanying anthropologist R. R. Marett, but as war broke out and Malinowski was an Austrian subject, and thereby an enemy of the British commonwealth, he was unable to travel back to England. The Australian government nonetheless provided him with permission and funds to undertake ethnographic work within their territories and Malinowski chose to go to the Trobriand Islands, in Melanesia where he stayed for several years, studying the indigenous culture. Upon his return to England after the war he published his main work Argonauts of the Western Pacific which established him as one of the most important anthropologists in Europe of that time. He took posts as lecturer and later as a chair in Anthropology at the LSE, attracting large numbers of students and exerting great influence on the development of British Social Anthropology. Among his students in this period were such prominent anthropologists as Raymond Firth, E.E. Evans-Pritchard, Hortense Powdermaker, Edmund Leach and Meyer Fortes. From 1933 he visited several American universities and when the second World War broke out he decided to stay there, taking an appointment at Yale. Here he stayed the remainder of his life, also influencing a generation of American anthropologists. His ethnography of the Trobriand Islands described the complex institution of the Kula ring, and became foundational for subsequent theories of reciprocity and exchange. He was also widely regarded as an eminent fieldworker and his texts regarding the anthropological field methods were foundational to early anthropology, for example coining the term participatory observation. His approach to social theory was a brand of functionalism emphasizing how social and cultural institutions serve basic human needs, a perspective opposed to Radcliffe-Brown's structural functionalism that emphasized the ways in which social institutions function in relation to society as a whole. Life. Malinowski was born in Kraków, Poland, then part of the Austro-Hungarian province known as the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, to an upper-middle-class family. His father was a professor, and his mother was the daughter of a
First Indochina War The First Indochina War (generally known as the Indochina War in France, and as the Anti-French Resistance War in contemporary Vietnam) is said to have begun in French Indochina on 19 December 1946 and to have lasted until 1 August 1954. Fighting between French forces and their Việt Minh opponents in the South dates from September 1945. The conflict pitted a range of actors, including the French Union's French Far East Expeditionary Corps, led by France and supported by Emperor Bảo Đại's Vietnamese National Army against the Việt Minh, led by Hồ Chí Minh and Võ Nguyên Giáp. Most of the fighting took place in Tonkin in Northern Vietnam, although the conflict engulfed the entire country and also extended into the neighboring French Indochina protectorates of Laos and Cambodia. Following the reoccupation of Indochina by the French following the end of World War II, the area having fallen to the Japanese, the Việt Minh launched a rebellion against the French authority governing the colonies of French Indochina. The first few years of the war involved a low-level rural insurgency against French authority. However, after the Chinese communists reached the Northern border of Vietnam in 1949, the conflict turned into a conventional war between two armies equipped with modern weapons supplied by the United States and the Soviet Union. French Union forces included colonial troops from the whole former empire (Moroccan, Algerian, Tunisian, Laotian, Cambodian, and Vietnamese ethnic minorities), French professional troops and units of the French Foreign Legion. The use of metropolitan recruits was forbidden by the governments to prevent the war from becoming even more unpopular at home. It was called the dirty war (la sale guerre) by supporters of the Left intellectuals in France (including Jean-Paul Sartre) during the Henri Martin Affair in 1950. While the strategy of pushing the Việt Minh into attacking a well defended base in a remote part of the country at the end of their logistical trail was validated at the Battle of Na San, the lack of construction materials (especially concrete), tanks (because of lack of road access and difficulty in the jungle terrain), and air cover precluded an effective defense, culminating in a decisive French defeat at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. After the war, the Geneva Conference on July 21, 1954, made a provisional division of Vietnam at the 17th parallel, with control of the
McDonnell XF-88 Voodoo The McDonnell XF-88 Voodoo was a long-range, twin-engine jet fighter aircraft with swept wings designed for the United States Air Force. Although it never entered service, its design was adapted for the subsequent supersonic F-101 Voodoo. Design and development. The XF-88 originated from a 1946 United States Army Air Forces requirement for a long-range penetration fighter to escort bombers to their targets. It was to be essentially a jet-powered replacement for the wartime North American P-51 Mustang that had escorted Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers over Germany. It was to have a combat radius of 900 mi (1,450 km) and high performance. McDonnell began work on the aircraft, dubbed Model 36, on 1 April 1946. On 20 June the company was given a contract for two prototypes designated XP-88. Dave Lewis was Chief of Aerodynamics on this project. The initial design was intended to have straight wings and a V-shaped tail but wind tunnel tests indicated aerodynamic problems that led to a conventional tailplane being substituted and the wings being swept. The USAAF confirmed the order for the two prototypes on 14 February 1947, while a change in designation schemes lead to the unflown prototypes being re-designated XF-88 on 1 July 1948, with the type gaining the nickname Voodoo. The Voodoo had a low/mid-mounted wing, swept to 35°. The two engines, specified as Westinghouse J34 turbojets were in the lower fuselage, fed by air intakes in the wing roots and jetpipes beneath the rear fuselage. This made room in the long fuselage for the fuel tanks required for the required long range. The Voodoo's short nose had no radar, being intended to house an armament of six 20 mm (.79 in) M39 cannon, while the fighter's single pilot sat in a pressurised cockpit and was provided with an ejection seat. Operational history. The first XF-88 made its maiden flight from Muroc Field on 20 October 1948, piloted by McDonnell Chief Test Pilot Robert Edholm. It was unarmed and powered by non-afterburning J34-13 engines that gave 3,000 lbf (13.37 kN) thrust. While testing demonstrated adequate handling and the required endurance, the XF-88 proved to be underpowered. This resulted in inadequate performance, with its maximum speed of 641 mph being less than the F-86 Sabre. In order to improve performance, it was decided to fit the second prototype's engines with McDonnell-designed afterburners. Thus modified, the engines became J34-22s,
BMP-1 The BMP-1 is a Soviet amphibious tracked infantry fighting vehicle. BMP stands for Boyevaya Mashina Pekhoty 1 (), meaning infantry fighting vehicle. The BMP-1 was the world's first mass-produced infantry fighting vehicle (IFV). It was called the M-1967, BMP and BMP-76PB by NATO before its correct designation was known. It was a revolutionary design combining the properties of an armored personnel carrier (APC) and a light tank. The Soviet military leadership saw any future wars as being conducted with nuclear, chemical and biological weapons. A vehicle like the BMP would allow infantry to operate from the relative safety of its armored, radiation-shielded interior in contaminated areas and to fight alongside it in uncontaminated areas. It would increase infantry squad mobility, provide fire support to them, and also be able to fight alongside main battle tanks. The BMP-1 was first tested in combat in the 1973 Yom Kippur War where it was used by Egyptian and Syrian forces. Based on lessons learned from this conflict and early experiences in the Soviet War in Afghanistan, a version with improved fighting qualities, the BMP-2 was developed. It was accepted into service in August 1980. In 1987, the BMP-3, a radically redesigned vehicle with a completely new weapon system, entered service in limited numbers with the Soviet Army. Development. Mechanized infantry tactics during the 1950s were similar to World War II methods in which APCs were used as battle taxis; they brought their infantry up to the front line where they then dismounted and fought on foot while the APC provided suppressive fire from its on-board armament. Existing APCs offered little or no protection from either nuclear or chemical weapons as they were either open-topped or could not be sealed sufficiently. Furthermore, the infantry had to disembark to be able to use their weapons. The requirement for the BMP was first drawn up in the late 1950s. The requirement stressed speed, good armament, and the ability for all squad members to fire from within the vehicle. The armament had to provide direct support for dismounted infantry in the attack and defense and to be able to destroy comparable light armored vehicles. The vehicle needed to protect the crew from .50 cal machinegun fire and 20–23 mm caliber autocannons across the frontal arc, as well as from light shell fragments at distances between 500 m and 800 m. Firepower consisted of the innovative
BMP-2 The BMP-2 (Boyevaya Mashina Pekhoty, Russian: Боевая Машина Пехоты; infantry combat vehicle) is a second-generation, amphibious infantry fighting vehicle introduced in the 1980s in the Soviet Union, following on from the BMP-1 of the 1960s. Development history. Although the BMP-1 was a revolutionary design, its main armament, the 2A28 Grom and the 9S428 ATGM launcher capable of firing the 9M14 Malyutka (NATO: AT-3A Sagger A) and the 9M14M Malyutka-M (NATO: AT-3B Sagger B) ATGMs, quickly became obsolete. Therefore, the Soviet Union decided to produce an updated and improved version of the BMP-1. The main emphasis was put on improving the main armament. In 1972, work got underway to develop an improved version of the BMP-1. During its combat debut in the Yom Kippur War, Egyptian and Syrian BMPs proved vulnerable to .50 calibre machine-gun fire in the sides and rear, and to 106 mm recoilless rifles. The 73 mm gun proved inaccurate beyond 500 meters, and the AT-3 Sagger missile could not be guided effectively from the confines of the turret. Several Soviet technical teams were sent to Syria in the wake of the war to gather information. These lessons combined with observations of western AFV developments resulting in a replacement program for the original BMP in 1974. The first product of this program was the BMP-1P upgrade, which was intended as a stopgap to address the most serious problems with the existing design. Smoke grenade launchers were added to the rear of the turret and the manually guided AT-3 Sagger missile system was replaced with the semi-automatically guided AT-4 Spigot and AT-5 Spandrel system. The BMP-1P was in production by the late 1970s and existing BMP-1s were gradually upgraded to the standard during the 1980s. Design. The BMP-2 is broadly similar to the BMP-1. The most significant changes are: Layout. In the centre of the vehicle is the welded steel turret, which seats the commander and gunner, both of whom have hatches. The commander sits to the right and has three day vision periscopes, a 1PZ-3 day-sight designed for anti-aircraft use with 1x, 2x and 4x magnification, an OU-3GA2 infra-red searchlight, a TNP-165A designator and a TKN-3B binocular sight with 4.75x day magnification and 4x night-sight magnification. The gunner sits to the commander's left and has a smaller rectangular hatch with a rearward-facing day periscope, additionally there are three other day periscopes facing forward and left. The
Front Line Assembly Front Line Assembly (FLA) is a Canadian electro-industrial band formed by Bill Leeb in 1986 after leaving Skinny Puppy. Influenced by early electronic and (post-)industrial acts such as Cabaret Voltaire, Portion Control, D.A.F., Test Dept, SPK, and Severed Heads, FLA has developed its own unique sound while combining elements of electronic body music (EBM). The band's membership has rotated through several members over the years, including Rhys Fulber and Michael Balch who are both associated with several other successful artists. History. Formation (1985–1986). Between 1985–1986, Bill Leeb supported Skinny Puppy under the name Wilhelm Schroeder. As an early friend of the band he contributed bass synth and backing vocals for several tracks while also supporting their 1985 tour. Leeb reflects on this period, Skinny Puppy was a good starting point for me, but there was definitely no way for me to get my ideas across. His experiences working with Skinny Puppy gave him some insight in the industry and helped shape his ideas for his own personal career. Upon the formation of Front Line Assembly, Leeb produced the Nerve War demo tape which was distributed on a limited basis (an estimated 50–100 copies were produced). Around this time, Leeb and Rhys Fulber became friends when they discovered they both had a similar interest in underground music. As an unofficial member at this time, Fulber partnered with Leeb during the production of Total Terror and was credited for the song Black Fluid on the demo. Debut and first album (1987–1988). In 1987, Front Line Assembly debuted its first album The Initial Command (KK Records, Belgium) with credited assistance by Fulber and Balch. The album had been produced on a tight budget which would determine whether or not cuts would be done with an eight track system or split into two four track cuts. After finally reaching a point of relative stability, the band's next album, State of Mind, was released on Third Mind records in 1988. After working with FLA on an unofficial basis, Balch officially joined the band in 1988 and began writing songs alongside Leeb for the next few albums. Balch mostly contributed by providing keyboards and programming. As Leeb put it, I would write the songs, and he was really good with the software. This partnership produced the releases Corrosion and Disorder in 1988 which were released together later that year with three more
Douglas B-18 Bolo The Douglas B-18 Bolo medium bomber served with the United States Army Air Corps and the Royal Canadian Air Force (as the Douglas Digby) during the late 1930s and early 1940s. The Bolo was built by Douglas Aircraft Company and based on its DC-2 and was developed to replace the Martin B-10. By 1940 it was considered to be underpowered, to have inadequate defensive armament and carried too small a bomb load. Many were destroyed during the attacks on Pearl Harbor and the Philippines in December 1941. In 1942 the B-18 survivors were relegated to antisubmarine or transport duty. A B-18 was one of the first American aircraft to sink a German U-Boat, the U-654 on 22 August 1942 in the Caribbean. Design and development. In 1934, the United States Army Air Corps put out a request for a bomber with double the bomb load and range of the Martin B-10, which was just entering service as the Army's standard bomber. In the evaluation at Wright Field the following year, Douglas showed its DB-1. It competed with the Boeing Model 299 (later the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress) and Martin Model 146. While the Boeing design was clearly superior, the crash of the B-17 prototype (caused by taking off with the controls still locked) removed it from consideration. During the depths of the Great Depression, the lower price of the DB-1 ($58,500 vs. $99,620 for the Model 299) also counted in its favor. The Douglas design was ordered into immediate production in January 1936 as the B-18. The DB-1 design was essentially that of the DC-2, with several modifications. The wingspan was greater. The fuselage was deeper, to better accommodate bombs and the six-member crew; the wings were fixed in the middle of the cross-section rather than to the bottom, but this was due to the deeper fuselage. Added armament included nose, dorsal, and ventral gun turrets. Operational history. The initial contract called for 133 B-18s (including DB-1), using Wright R-1820 radial engines. The last B-18 of the run, designated DB-2 by the company, had a power-operated nose turret. This design did not become standard. Additional contracts in 1937 (177 aircraft) and 1938 (40 aircraft) were for the B-18A, which had the bombardier's position further forward over the nose-gunner's station. The B-18A also used more powerful engines. Deliveries of B-18s to Army units began in the first
Air Vanuatu Air Vanuatu is an airline with its head office in the Air Vanuatu House, Port Vila, Vanuatu. It is Vanuatu's national flag carrier, operating to Australia, New Zealand and points in the South Pacific. Its main base is Bauerfield International Airport, Port Vila. History. Air Vanuatu was established in early 1981 after Vanuatu gained independence from the United Kingdom and France the previous year. The assistance of Ansett Airlines was sought and a five year agreement put in place for Ansett to provide aircraft and operating staff. Ansett also took a 40% stake in the new airline, the government of Vanuatu holding the other 60%. The first Air Vanuatu flight, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 owned and operated by Ansett, departed Sydney for Port Vila on 5 September 1981. In May 1982 a Boeing 737-200 of Polynesian Airlines replaced the DC-9; this was replaced in turn by an Ansett 737-200 in October 1985. In March 1986 the agreement with Ansett expired and was not renewed, this had the effect of grounding the airline. In 1987 the company was re-established with 100% ownership by the government of Vanuatu, after a new commercial agreement was signed with Australian Airlines; weekly Sydney - Port Vila flights re-commenced on 19 December using a Boeing 727-200 chartered from Australian. Air Vanuatu subsequently bought the aircraft in 1989 and leased it back to Australian for use on that airline's network on days that it was not used by Air Vanuatu. In November 1992 the 727 was replaced by a Boeing 737-400 leased from Australian Airlines. The following year an Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirante was also leased from Australian, entering service that April to operate flights between Port Vila and Nouméa. The leases on both aircraft continued after Australian was taken over by Qantas in October 1993, with the commercial agreement being rolled-over to Qantas as well. Qantas is deeply involved in the airline's operations to this day; Air Vanuatu uses Qantas' Frequent Flyer program, Qantas codeshares on Air Vanuatu's flights from Australia, and provides maintenance and pilot training services as well. Air Vanuatu terminated the lease on the Qantas Boeing 737-400 after it took delivery of its own Boeing 737-300 in April 1997. The same month Bandeirante services ceased when a Saab 2000 entered service. The lease on the Saab 2000 was terminated in March 1999 and in June that year Air Vanuatu commenced
Battle of Sluys The Battle of Sluys (; ), also called Battle of l'Ecluse, was a sea battle fought on 24 June 1340 as one of the opening conflicts of the Hundred Years' War between England and France. The encounter was during the reigns of Philip VI of France and Edward III of England, in front of the town of Newmarket or Sluis, (French Écluse), on the inlet between West Flanders and Zeeland. During the battle Philip's navy was almost completely destroyed, giving the English fleet complete mastery over the channel. However by the end of Edward's reign the French had rebuilt their fleet and were to become a threat again. Background. When France's Charles IV the Fair died in 1328 leaving only daughters, the nearest male relative was Edward III of England. The French establishment decided they did not want the English king on the French throne, and chose Edward's cousin, Philip, Count of Valois, to be king of France instead. The English kings had become dukes of Aquitaine after Henry II of England married Eleanor of Aquitaine in 1152, from which point the lands in Aquitaine were held in vassalage to the French crown. Edward III did not see himself as subordinate to Philip and was reluctant to be Philip's vassal. Philip confiscated the lands that Edward held in Aquitaine, on the grounds that Edward had breached his obligation as vassal, precipitating what became known as the Hundred Years' War in 1337. At the beginning of the war, the French had the advantage at sea. The vessels they had were ideal for swift passage across the Channel under sail or oars. Galleys had been used by the Mediterranean powers and were adopted for trade and combat by the French. The galleys could penetrate shallow harbours and were highly maneuverable and ideal for raiding or ship-to-ship combat. The huge fleet of the French, was supplemented by galleys from Genoa (some sources maintain that Castillian vessels were also part of the complement) as well as by various captured English ships including two of Edward's finest, the cogs Christopher and Cog Edward (also known as The Edward). The French were able to disrupt English commercial shipping, principally the Gascon wine and the Flanders wool trades, as well as raiding the south and eastern coasts of England at will. The English did not at that time have a purpose built navy.
Flag of Greece The flag of Greece (popularly referred to as the sky-blue-white or the blue-white and in Greek: Γαλανόλευκη or Κυανόλευκη), officially recognized by Greece as one of its national symbols, is based on nine equal horizontal stripes of blue alternating with white. There is a blue canton in the upper hoist-side corner bearing a white cross; the cross symbolizes Eastern Orthodox Christianity, the established religion of the Greek people of Greece and Cyprus. According to popular tradition, the nine stripes represent the nine syllables of the phrase Ελευθερία ή Θάνατος (Freedom or Death), the five blue stripes for the syllables Έλευθερία and the four white stripes ή Θάνατος. The nine stripes are also said to represent the letters of the word freedom (Greek: Ελευθερία). There is also a different theory, that the nine stripes symbolize the nine Muses, the goddesses of art and civilization (nine has traditionally been one of the numbers of reference for the Greeks). The official flag ratio is 2:3. The blazon of the flag is Azure, four bars Argent; on a canton of the field a Greek cross throughout of the second. The shade of blue used in the flag has varied throughout its history, from light blue to dark blue, the latter being increasingly used since the late 1960s. The above patterns were officially adopted by the First National Assembly at Epidaurus on 13 January 1822. Blue and white have many interpretations, symbolizing the colors of the famed Greek sky and sea (combined with the white clouds and waves), traditional colors of Greek clothes in the islands and the mainland, etc. History of the Greek flag. The origins of today's national flag with its cross-and-stripe pattern are a matter of debate. Every part of it, including the blue and white colors (see below), the cross, as well as the stripe arrangement can be connected to very old historical elements; however it is difficult to establish continuity, especially as there is no record of the exact reasoning behind its official adoption in early 1822. It has been suggested by some Greek historians that the current flag derived from an older design, the virtually identical flag of the powerful Cretan Kallergis family. This flag was based on their coat of arms, whose pattern is supposed to be derived from the standards of their claimed ancestor, Byzantine Emperor Nicephorus II Phocas (963–969 AD). This pattern
Joseph Andrews Joseph Andrews, or The History of the Adventures of Joseph Andrews and of his Friend Mr. Abraham Adams, was the first published full-length novel of the English author and magistrate Henry Fielding, and indeed among the first novels in the English language. Published in 1742 and defined by Fielding as a 'comic epic poem in prose', it is the story of a good-natured footman's adventures on the road home from London with his friend and mentor, the absent-minded parson Abraham Adams. The novel represents the coming together of the two competing aesthetics of eighteenth-century literature: the mock-heroic and neoclassical (and, by extension, aristocratic) approach of Augustans such as Alexander Pope and Jonathan Swift; and the popular, domestic prose fiction of novelists such as Daniel Defoe and Samuel Richardson. The novel draws on a variety of inspirations. Written in imitation of the manner of Cervantes, the author of Don Quixote (see title page on right), the work owes much of its humour to the techniques developed by Cervantes, and its subject-matter to the seemingly loose arrangement of events, digressions and lower-class characters to the genre of writing known as picaresque. In deference to the literary tastes and recurring tropes of the period, it relies on bawdy humour, an impending marriage and a mystery surrounding unknown parentage, but conversely is rich in philosophical digressions, classical erudition and social purpose. Background. Fielding's first venture into prose fiction came a year previously with the publication in pamphlet form of Shamela, a travesty of, and direct response to, the stylistic failings and moral hypocrisy that Fielding saw in Richardson's Pamela. Richardson's epistolary tale of a resolute servant girl, armed only with her 'virtue', battling against her master's attempts at seduction had become an overnight literary sensation in 1741. The implicit moral message – that a girl's chastity has eventual value as a commodity – as well as the awkwardness of the epistolary form in dealing with ongoing events, and the triviality of the detail which the form necessitates, were some of the main targets of Fielding's parody. Richardson would continue to be a target of Fielding's first novel, but the Pamela phenomenon was just one example of what he saw as a culture of literary abuses in the mid-18th century. Colley Cibber, poet laureate and mock-hero of Pope's Dunciad, is identified in the first chapter of the novel as another offender against
François Jacob François Jacob (17 June 1920 – 19 April 2013) was a French biologist who, together with Jacques Monod, originated the idea that control of enzyme levels in all cells occurs through regulation of transcription. He shared the 1965 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Jacques Monod and André Lwoff. Early years. Jacob was born the only child of Simon, a merchant, and Thérèse (Franck) Jacob, in Nancy, France. An inquisitive child, he learned to read at a young age. Albert Franck, Jacob’s maternal grandfather, a four-star general, was Jacob’s childhood role model. At seven he entered the Lycée Carnot, where he was schooled for the next ten years; in his autobiography he describes his impression of it: a cage. He was antagonized by rightist youth at the Lycée Carnot around 1934. He describes his father as a conformist in religion, while his mother and other family members important in his childhood were secular Jews; shortly after his bar mitzvah he became an atheist. Though interested (and talented) in physics and mathematics, Jacob was horrified at the prospect of spending two additional years in an even more draconian regime to prepare for higher study at the Polytechnique. Instead, after observing a surgical operation that cemented his slight interest in medicine, he entered medical school. During the German occupation of France—and on the heels of his mother's death—Jacob left France for Great Britain to join the war effort. Jacob, who had only completed his second year of medical studies, joined the medical company of the French 2nd Armored Division in 1940. He was injured in a German air attack in 1944 and returned to now-liberated Paris in on 1 August 1944. For his wartime service, he was awarded France's WWII highest decoration for valor, the Cross of Liberation, as well as Légion d'honneur and croix de guerre. After his recovery, Jacob returned to medical school and began researching tyrothricin and learning the methods of bacteriology in the process. He completed a thesis he described as replicating American work on the effectiveness of the antibiotic against local infections, and became a medical doctor in 1947. Though attracted to research as a career, he was discouraged by his own perceived ignorance after attending a microbiology congress that summer. Instead he took a position at the Cabanel Center, where he had done his thesis research; his new work entailed the manufacture of antibiotic,
AS Monaco FC Association Sportive de Monaco Football Club (commonly referred to as AS Monaco or simply Monaco) is a French-registered Monegasque-based football club. The club was founded in 1924 and plays in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football. The team plays its home matches at the Stade Louis II in Fontvieille. Monaco is managed by Claudio Ranieri and captained by Éric Abidal. Though based in Monaco, the club is regarded as a French club, as the club plays in the French football league system, and because the principality of Monaco is not a member of UEFA. Monaco is one of the most successful clubs in France, having won seven league titles and five Coupe de France trophies. The club has also regularly competed in European football having been runners-up in both the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Champions League in 1992 and 2004, respectively. Monaco enjoyed success in the 1970s and late 1980s during the managerial tenures of Lucien Leduc and Arsène Wenger, during which the club was amongst the leading lights of European football. Monaco's traditional colours are red and white, and the club is known as Les Rouge et Blanc (). Monaco is also a member of the European Club Association. In December 2011, two-thirds of the club was sold to an investment group led by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev. With Rybolovlev's financial backing, the club quickly returned to Ligue 1 and brought in several top-rated players, including Radamel Falcao, João Moutinho, James Rodríguez, Ricardo Carvalho, Éric Abidal and Jérémy Toulalan. History. AS Monaco FC was founded on 23 August 1924 as an unification of numerous local clubs based in France and the principality. The club's early years were spent in the amateur regional divisions of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, rising rapidly between the leagues in the 1920s. In 1933, Monaco were invited by the French Football Federation to turn professional. The Monégasques' first year of second division football ended in failure however, as they were relegated to the amateur leagues the following year. By 1948, Monaco re-acquired its professional status and returned to the French second division; they subsequently consistently finished in its upper echelons, with this sustained effort resulting in promotion to the French first division for the first time in 1953. In 1960, Monaco's first iconic coach, Lucien Leduc, led the club to its first professional trophy, the Coupe de
Act of Contrition An act of contrition is a Catholic prayer that expresses sorrow for sins. It may be used in a liturgical service or be used privately, especially in connection with an examination of conscience. Special formulas for acts of contrition are in use in the Catholic, Lutheran and Anglican Churches. The Catholic Church does not restrict the term act of contrition to any one formula. Its Handbook on Indulgences mentions as examples of approved formulas for an act of contrition the Confiteor, the Psalm De Profundis, the Psalm Miserere, the Gradual Psalms and the Penitential Psalms. A particular Latin formula and its English translations. Within the Catholic Church, the term act of contrition is often applied to one particular formula, which is not given expressly in the handbook of Indulgences. The Latin text and a number of English versions that approximate to the Latin text are given here. Popular American English version. O my God, I am heartily sorry for having offended You and I detest all my sins, because I fear the loss of heaven and the pains of hell, but most of all because they offend You, my God, who are all good and deserving of all my love. I firmly resolve, with the help of Your grace, to confess my sins, to do penance and to amend my life. amen... Act of Contrition (modern version taught in religious education) My God, I am sorry for my sins with all my heart. In choosing to do wrong and failing to do good I have sinned against you whom I should love above all things. I firmly intend, with your help, to do penance, to sin no more, and to avoid whatever leads me to sin. Our Savior Jesus Christ suffered and died for us. In His name, my God, have mercy. Amen.§ Popular Canadian English version. Act of Contrition (modern version taught in religious education) Oh my God, I am heartily sorry for having offended you, and I detest all my sins because of your just punishments, but most of all because they offended you, my God, Who are all-good and deserving of all my love. I firmly resolve with the help of your grace to sin no more and to avoid the near occasions of sin. Amen. Other formulas for acts of contrition. The following are some formulas for acts of contrition that differ
Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard (born 20 October 1942 in Magdeburg) is a German biologist. She won the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1991 and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1995, together with Eric Wieschaus and Edward B. Lewis, for their research on the genetic control of embryonic development. Work with fruit flies. The experiments that earned Nüsslein-Volhard and Wieschaus their Nobel prize aimed to identify genes involved in the development of Drosophila melanogaster (fruit fly) embryos. At this point (the late 1970s and early 1980s) little was known about the genetic and molecular mechanisms by which multicellular organisms develop from single cells to morphologically complex forms during embryogenesis. Fruit flies have long been an important model organism in genetics due to their small size and quick generation time, which makes even large numbers of them relatively easy to maintain and observe in the laboratory. Nüsslein-Volhard and Wieschaus identified genes involved in embryonic development by a series of genetic screens. They generated random mutations in fruit flies using a chemical. Some of these mutations affected genes involved in the development of the embryo. Nüsslein-Volhard and Weischaus took advantage of the segmented form of Drosophila larvae to address the logic of the genes controlling development. In normal unmutated Drosophila, each segment produces bristles called denticles in a band arranged on the side of the segment closer to the head (the anterior). The researchers looked at the pattern of segments and denticles in each mutant under the microscope, and were therefore able to work out that particular genes were involved in different processes during development based on their differing mutant phenotypes (such as fewer segments, gaps in the normal segment pattern, and alterations in the patterns of denticles on the segments). Many of these genes were given descriptive names based on the appearance of the mutant larvae, such as hedgehog, gurken (German: cucumbers), and Krüppel ( cripple). Later, researchers identified exactly which gene had been affected by each mutation, thereby identifying a set of genes crucial for Drosophila embryogenesis. The subsequent study of these mutants and their interactions led to important new insights into early Drosophila development, especially the mechanisms that underlie the step-wise development of body segments. These experiments are not only distinguished by their sheer scale (with the methods available at the time, they involved an enormous workload), but more importantly by their significance
Teratology Teratology is the study of abnormalities of physiological development. It is often thought of as the study of human birth defects, but it is much broader than that, taking in other non-birth developmental stages, including puberty; and other non-human life forms, including plants. A newer term developmental toxicity includes all manifestations of abnormal development, not only frank terata. These may include growth retardation or delayed mental development without any structural malformations. Etymology. The term stems from the Greek teras (genitive teratos), meaning 'monster' or 'marvel', and logos, meaning 'the word' or, more loosely, 'the study of'. As early as the 17th century, teratology referred to a discourse on prodigies and marvels of anything so extraordinary as to seem abnormal. In the 19th century, it acquired a meaning more closely related to biological deformities, mostly in the field of botany. Currently, its most instrumental meaning is that of the medical study of teratogenesis, congenital malformations or individuals with significant malformations. There are many pejorative terms that have historically been used to describe individuals with significant physical malformations. The term was popularized in the 1960s by Dr. David W. Smith of the University of Washington Medical School, one of the researchers who became known in 1973 for the discovery of Fetal alcohol syndrome. With greater understanding of the origins of birth defects, the field of teratology now overlaps with other fields of basic science, including developmental biology, embryology, and genetics. Animalia. Teratogenesis. Birth defects are known to occur in 3-5% of all newborns. They are the leading cause of infant mortality in the United States, accounting for more than 20% of all infant deaths. Seven to ten percent of all children will require extensive medical care to diagnose or treat a birth defect. And although significant progress has been made in identifying the etiology of some birth defects, approximately 65% have no known or identifiable cause. It was previously believed that the mammalian embryo developed in the impervious uterus of the mother, protected from all extrinsic factors. However, after the thalidomide disaster of the 1960s, it became apparent and more accepted that the developing embryo could be highly vulnerable to certain environmental agents that have negligible or non-toxic effects to adult individuals. A review published in 2010 identified 6 main teratogenic mechanisms associated with medication use: folate antagonism, neural crest cell disruption, endocrine disruption, oxidative stress, vascular disruption and specific
Indian classical music Indian classical music refers to the art music of the Indian subcontinent. The origins of Indian classical music can be found in the Vedas, which are the oldest scriptures in the Hindu tradition. Indian classical music has also been significantly influenced by, or syncretised with, Indian folk music, and Hindustani music has also been influenced by Persian music. The Samaveda, one of the four Vedas, describes music at length. The Samaveda was derived from the Rigveda so that its hymns could be sung as Samagana. These hymns were sung by Udgatar priests at sacrifices in which the Soma ritual drink, clarified and mixed with milk and other ingredients, was offered in libation to various deities. This chanting style evolved into jatis and eventually into ragas. Bharat's Natyashastra was the first treatise laying down fundamental principles of dance, music, and drama. Indian classical music is both elaborate and expressive. Like Western classical music, it divides the octave into 12 semitones of which the 7 basic notes are, in ascending tonal order, Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Dha Ni Sa for Hindustani music and Sa Ri Ga Ma Pa Da Ni Sa for Carnatic music, similar to Western music's Do Re Mi Fa Sol La Ti Do. However, Indian music uses just-intonation tuning, unlike most modern Western classical music, which uses the equal-temperament tuning system. Also, unlike modern Western classical music, Indian classical music places great emphasis on improvisation. Indian classical music is monophonic in nature and based around a single melody line, which is played over a fixed drone. The performance is based melodically on particular ragas and rhythmically on talas. Because of the focus on exploring the raga, performances have traditionally been solo endeavors, but duets are gaining in popularity. Notation system. Indian music is traditionally taught via oral methods and, until the 20th century, did not employ notations as the primary media of instruction, understanding, or transmission. The rules of Indian music and compositions themselves are taught from a guru to a shishya, in person. Various Indian music schools follow notations and classifications (see melakarta and thaat); these are generally based on a notation system created by Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande. Hindustani music. Hindustani music is mainly found in North India. Khyal and Dhrupad are its two main forms, but there are several other classical and semi-classical forms. There is a significant amount of Persian influence
Cavalier Parliament The Cavalier Parliament of England lasted from 8 May 1661 until 24 January 1679. It was the longest English Parliament, enduring for nearly 18 years of the quarter-century reign of Charles II of England. Like its predecessor, the Convention Parliament, it was overwhelmingly Royalist and is also known as the Pensioner Parliament for the many pensions it granted to adherents of the King. History. The first session of the Cavalier Parliament opened on May 8, 1661. Among the first orders of business was the confirmation of the acts of the previous year's irregular Convention of 1660 as legitimate (notably, the Indemnity and Oblivion Act). Parliament immediately ordered the public burning of the Solemn League and Covenant by a common hangman. It also repealed the 1642 Bishops Exclusion Act, thereby allowing Church of England bishops to resume their temporal positions, including their seats in the House of Lords. Other notable pieces of first session legislation include the Militia Act placing the armed forces unambiguously under the king's authority, and the Sedition Act. It also continued proceedings against the regicides of Charles I. Later that same year (1661), Parliament passed the Corporation Act, the first of a series of acts known as the Clarendon Code, to cement the episcopal Anglican church as the official church of England. The Clarendon code is normally given as the following four acts: The Quaker Act 1662, specifically targeting Quakers, can also be cited as part of the new religious 'code'. In January 1661, the Fifth Monarchists, anticipating the arrival of Jesus Christ to claim the throne, led a succession of revolts under the command of Vavasor Powell and Thomas Venner. To silence radical agitators and pamphleteers, Parliament passed the Licensing of the Press Act 1662, instituting government censorship of the press. On the economic legislation, the Cavalier parliament had a notable Mercantilist bent. To promote the English cloth industry, it outlawed the exportation of raw materials, such as wool, raw hides and fuller's clay (1662) and forbade the importation of finished materials like lace and embroidery (1662). It repealed old domestic restrictions on linen manufacturing (1663). To encourage the development of the American colonies as raw-material producers and consumers of English manufactured goods, the Cavalier parliament confirmed and reinforced the Navigation Act passed by the prior parliament in 1660, with the new Staple Act in 1663, requiring foreigners trading with the American colonies
Gannet Gannets are seabirds comprising the genus Morus, in the family Sulidae, closely related to boobies. The gannets are large black and white birds with yellow heads; long, pointed wings; and long bills. Northern gannets are the largest seabirds in the North Atlantic, with a wingspan of up to 2 metres. The other two species occur in the temperate seas around southern Africa, southern Australia and New Zealand. Gannets hunt fish by diving from a height into the sea and pursuing their prey underwater. Gannets have a number of adaptations which enable them to do this: Gannets can dive from a height of 30 metres, achieving speeds of 100 km/h as they strike the water, enabling them to catch fish much deeper than most airborne birds. The gannet's supposed capacity for eating large quantities of fish has led to gannet becoming a disapproving description of somebody who eats excessively, similar to glutton. Mating and nesting. Gannets are colonial breeders on islands and coasts, normally laying one chalky, blue egg. It takes five years for gannets to reach maturity. First-year birds are completely black, and subsequent sub-adult plumages show increasing amounts of white. The most important nesting ground for Northern gannets is the United Kingdom with about two thirds of the world's population. These live mainly in Scotland, including the Shetland Isles. The rest of the world's population is divided between Canada, Ireland, Faroe Islands and Iceland, with small numbers in France (they are often seen in the Bay of Biscay), the Channel Islands, Norway and a single colony in Germany on Heligoland. The biggest Northern gannet colony is in the Scottish islands of St Kilda; this colony alone comprises 20% of the entire world's population. Sulasgeir off the coast of the Isle of Lewis, Bass Rock in the Firth of Forth, Grassholm in Pembrokeshire and Bonaventure Island, Quebec are also important Northern gannet breeding sites. The [[Skellig Islanwest coast of Ireland hold some 27,000 pairs of Northern Gannets, the second largest colony in the world. Systematics and evolution. The three gannet species are now usually placed in the genus Morus, Abbott's Booby in Papasula, and the remaining boobies in Sula. However, some authorities believe that all nine sulid species should be considered congeneric, in Sula. At one time, the various gannet species were considered to be a single species. Most fossil gannets are from the Late Miocene or Pliocene,
Booby A booby is a seabird in the genus Sula, part of the Sulidae family. Boobies are closely related to the gannets (Morus), which were formerly included in Sula. Description. Boobies hunt fish by diving from a height into the sea and pursuing their prey underwater. Facial air sacs under their skin cushion the impact with the water. Boobies are colonial breeders on islands and coasts. They normally lay one or more chalky-blue eggs on the ground or sometimes in a tree nest. Name. Their name was possibly based on the Spanish slang term bobo, meaning stupid, as these tame birds had a habit of landing on board sailing ships, where they were easily captured and eaten. Owing to this, boobies are often mentioned as having been caught and eaten by shipwrecked sailors, notably William Bligh of the Bounty and his adherents, during their famous voyage after being set adrift by Fletcher Christian and his followers. Systematics and evolution. Six of the seven extant Sulidae species called boobies are in the genus Sula, while the three gannet species are usually placed in the genus Morus. Abbott's Booby was formerly included in Sula but is now placed in a monotypic genus Papasula, which represents an ancient lineage perhaps closer to Morus. Some authorities consider that all nine species should be considered congeneric in Sula. However, they are readily told apart, by means of osteology. The distinct lineages of gannets and boobies are known to have existed in such form, since at least the Middle Miocene, c.15 mya (Olson 1985). The fossil records of boobies are not as well documented as those of the gannets; possibly because the species of boobies were less numerous in the late Miocene to Pliocene, when gannets had their highest diversity or because of the more tropical distribution of boobies, many fossil species have simply not been found yet, as most localities are in continental North America or Europe.  
Great Teacher Onizuka , officially abbreviated as GTO, is a Japanese shōnen manga written and illustrated by Tohru Fujisawa. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002. The story focuses on 22-year-old ex-bōsōzoku member Eikichi Onizuka, who becomes a teacher at a private middle school, Holy Forest Academy, in Tokyo, Japan. It won the 1998 Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen, and is a continuation of Tohru Fujisawa's other manga series Shonan Junai Gumi (lit. Shōnan True Love Group) and Bad Company, both of which focus on the life of Onizuka before he becomes a teacher in Great Teacher Onizuka. As of 9 June 2009, a sequel to the GTO manga was released in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine, under the title GTO - Shonan 14 Days. North American publisher Vertical Inc began publishing GTO: Shonan 14 Days globally in English, as GTO: 14 Days in Shonan beginning January 2012 and has published nine volumes so far. Vertical will also be continuing the Shonan Junai Gumi manga series, from volume 11 onwards, as GTO: The Early Years starting in February 2012. Due to the popularity of the manga, several adaptations of GTO were made. These adaptations include a twelve-episode Japanese television drama running from July to September 1998; a live-action film directed by Masayuki Suzuki and released in December 1999; and a 43-episode anime television series, aired in Japan by Fuji Television and Animax from June 1999 to September 2000. Both the anime and manga have been licensed in North America by Tokyopop. The Tokyopop version of the manga is out-of-print as of August 31, 2009. A remake of the television drama began airing in July 2012. Plot. Eikichi Onizuka is a 22-year-old ex-gang member and a virgin. While peeping up girls' skirts at a local shopping mall, Onizuka meets a girl who agrees to go out on a date with him. Onizuka's attempt to sleep with her fails when her current boyfriend, her teacher, shows up at the love hotel they are in and asks her to return to him. The teacher is old and unattractive, but has sufficient influence over her that she leaps from a second-story window and lands in his arms. Onizuka, upon seeing this display of a teacher's power over girls, decides to become a teacher himself. However, he earns his teaching degree, just barely, at a second-rate college. In
Tak Province Tak (, ) is one of the northern provinces (changwat) of Thailand. Neighboring provinces are (from north clockwise) Mae Hong Son, Chiang Mai, Lamphun, Lampang, Sukhothai, Kamphaeng Phet, Nakhon Sawan, Uthai Thani and Kanchanaburi. The western edge of province has a long boundary with Kayin State of Myanmar (Burma). Geography. The Bhumibol Dam (named after King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the old name was Yanhee Dam) is located in Khao Kaew Tambon (sub-district), Amphoe Sam Ngao (district) of Tak and was built from 1958-1964. It stops the river Ping, one of the two sources of the Chao Phraya river. The artificial lake created covers an area of 300 km² and is the largest in Thailand. The Taksin Maharat National Park and the Lan Sang National Park are also located in the province. Thungyai Naresuan Wildlife Sanctuary share half of the lake front with Kanchanaburi and Huai Kha Khaeng Wildlife Sanctuary at the border with Uthai Thani and are World Heritage Sites. On the western side of Tak Province the Tenasserim Hills meet the Dawna Range. One of the few transnational roads and cross-border points into Myanmar is located at Mae Sot. Northwestwards of Mae Sot the main road on the Thai side skirts the border until it turns straight north towards Mae Hong Son. History. Tak was a historical kingdom built over 2,000 years ago, even before the Sukhothai period. The ancient kingdom had its peak around the 1st century. By the 5th century the capital of this kingdom was moved south to Lavo (present day Lopburi Province). A city named Ban Tak was established by Jamadevi (พระนางจามเทวี), princess of the Lavo kingdom, around 663 AD. It became part of the Sukhothai kingdom through battles led by Ramkhamhaeng the Great and formed the main fortress on the western front. The city was moved further west and renamed Mueang Rahang when the Ayuthaya kingdom was lost to Burma during King Maha Thammaracha's reign. The city was moved back to the east side of the Ping River during the early Bangkok period. King Taksin was vice-governor of Tak before the Ayutthaya kingdom fell during the war with Burma. As his name was Sin, he became called Tak-Sin during his time in Tak. Economy. Agriculture is a major part of the Tak economy. The province of Tak produces rice, corn, vegetables, fruits, beef, tilapia, and other foods. Industries in Tak include mining,
Benchmarking Benchmarking is the process of comparing one's business processes and performance metrics to industry bests or best practices from other industries. Dimensions typically measured are quality, time and cost. In the process of best practice benchmarking, management identifies the best firms in their industry, or in another industry where similar processes exist, and compares the results and processes of those studied (the targets) to one's own results and processes. In this way, they learn how well the targets perform and, more importantly, the business processes that explain why these firms are successful. Benchmarking is used to measure performance using a specific indicator (cost per unit of measure, productivity per unit of measure, cycle time of x per unit of measure or defects per unit of measure) resulting in a metric of performance that is then compared to others. Also referred to as best practice benchmarking or process benchmarking, this process is used in management and particularly strategic management, in which organizations evaluate various aspects of their processes in relation to best practice companies' processes, usually within a peer group defined for the purposes of comparison. This then allows organizations to develop plans on how to make improvements or adapt specific best practices, usually with the aim of increasing some aspect of performance. Benchmarking may be a one-off event, but is often treated as a continuous process in which organizations continually seek to improve their practices. Benefits and use. In 2008, a comprehensive survey on benchmarking was commissioned by The Global Benchmarking Network, a network of benchmarking centers representing 22 countries. Over 450 organizations responded from over 40 countries. The results showed that: Collaborative benchmarking. Benchmarking, originally described Rank Xerox, is usually carried out by individual companies. Sometimes it may be carried out collaboratively by groups of companies (e.g. subsidiaries of a multinational in different countries). One example is that of the Dutch municipally-owned water supply companies, which have carried out a voluntary collaborative benchmarking process since 1997 through their industry association. Another example is the UK construction industry which has carried out benchmarking since the late 1990s again through its industry association and with financial support from the UK Government. Procedure. There is no single benchmarking process that has been universally adopted. The wide appeal and acceptance of benchmarking has led to the emergence of benchmarking methodologies. One seminal book is Boxwell's Benchmarking for Competitive Advantage (1994). The
Emmanuel Pahud Emmanuel Pahud (born January 27, 1970) is a Swiss flute player. He was born in Geneva, Switzerland. His father is of French and Swiss background and his mother is French. The Berlin-based flutist is most known for his baroque and classical flute repertory. Pahud was born into a non-musical family. As a young boy living in Italy, the sounds of the flute captivated Pahud. From the age of four to the age of 22, he was tutored and mentored by flutists such as François Binet, Carlos Bruneel and Aurèle Nicolet. Classically trained at the Conservatoire de Paris, he leapt into the international orchestral and solo music scene when he joined the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra in 1992. His versatility in music styles over the years has “signalled the arrival of a new master flautist” (The Guardian). He plays in diverse music genres, whether baroque, jazz, contemporary, classical, orchestral, or chamber music. Biography. Early life. Travelling has been a big part of Emmanuel Pahud's life from birth. His father worked for a U.S. company, and the family moved repeatedly during his childhood. However, this would only shape Pahud's international outlook for his future. Only six weeks after Pahud was born, his parents moved to Baghdad for one year. They moved again when he was 1 to Paris, where Emmanuel's younger brother was born. In 1972, they then moved to Madrid for two years, and in 1974, finally settled in Rome for four years. In their apartment building in Rome, lived the Swiss-French Binet family whose four children played musical instruments. The father (François) was a flautist who studied in Zurich and Paris but stopped performing in later years. At the age of four, Pahud first heard the flute. As the eldest son Philippe played the Flute Concerto No. 1 (Mozart) K.313 in G Major, it set the course to a remarkable chapter of Pahud's life. He recalls: I could hear the flute, the violin, the cello, the piano. I don't know why I chose the flute but maybe it was because the eldest son was playing it, so he was the one playing at the best level at that time - or because the father was also a flute player, so there was a kind of authority there. Anyhow, I said to my parents, I want to play the flute, I want to play the Mozart concerto that guy
Euphoria Morning Euphoria Morning is the first solo studio album released by American musician Chris Cornell. It was released on September 21, 1999 through Interscope Records. Euphoria Morning sold over 75,000 copies in its first week of release and eventually sold 343,000 copies in the U.S. alone. While a large success critically, it did not sell nearly as well as Cornell's albums with Soundgarden. It is Cornell's only album between the split of Soundgarden until he joined members of Rage Against the Machine in forming Audioslave. The original working title of this album was to be “Euphoria Mourning” however, a typo changed the album name to “Euphoria Morning”. This was confirmed by Chris Cornell at his Philadelphia show on the Songbook Tour. Production. Recording history. In 1998, Cornell began working on material for a solo album on which he collaborated with Alain Johannes and Natasha Shneider of the band Eleven. Flutter Girl was an outtake from Superunknown, the 1994 Soundgarden album. During his 2007 solo tour, Cornell stated that Wave Goodbye was written as a tribute to Jeff Buckley, who drowned in 1997. Reception. The album proved commercially unsuccessful although the album's single Can't Change Me was nominated for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance at the 2000 Grammy Awards. He also contributed the song Sunshower (a bonus track on the Japanese release of Euphoria Morning) to the soundtrack of the 1998 film, Great Expectations, and a reworked version of the track Mission, retitled Mission 2000, was used on the to the 2000 film, . In 2000, Cornell embarked on a tour in support of the album.  
Amphetamine Reptile Records Amphetamine Reptile Records (or AmRep Industries) is a nationally renowned record label which was founded in 1986 by then-US Marine Tom Hazelmyer in Washington State, US. The label is best known for its roster of noise rock artists, and its Dope, Guns 'n' Fucking In The Streets series of compilations. History. Hazelmyer originally started the label to release records by his band, Halo of Flies. Eventually the label's roster expanded to include releases by Helmet, the Melvins, The Cows, Helios Creed, Chokebore, Servotron and others. Hazelmyer later moved the label to Minneapolis. Today the label is used by the Melvins and H•O•F on occasion to release limited edition 7 singles. Much of the AmRep back catalog is now out of print, although many of the releases are available in digital download format.  
Hejaz Railway The Hejaz (also Hedjaz) Railway () was a narrow gauge railway ( track gauge) that ran from Damascus to Medina, through the Hejaz region of Saudi Arabia, with a branch line to Haifa on the Mediterranean Sea. It was a part of the Ottoman railway network and was built to extend the line from the Haydarpaşa Terminal in Istanbul beyond Damascus to the holy city of Mecca. It got no further than Medina, short of Mecca, due to the interruption of the construction works caused by the outbreak of World War I. Damascus to Medina is . The main purpose of the railway was to establish a connection between Constantinople, the capital of the Ottoman Empire and the seat of the Islamic Caliphate, and Hejaz in Arabia, the site of the holiest shrines of Islam and the holy city of Mecca, the destination of the Hajj annual pilgrimage. Another important reason was to improve the economic and political integration of the distant Arabian provinces into the Ottoman state, and to facilitate the transportation of military forces. The railway is remarkable both for having had no debt when completed and for having many miles of track below sea level. History. A railway had been suggested in 1864 to relieve the suffering of the hajis on their 40-day journey through the wilderness of Midian, the Nafud, and the Hejaz Mountains. The railway was started in 1900 at the behest of the Ottoman Sultan Abdul Hamid II and was built largely by the Ottomans, with German advice and support. A public subscription was opened throughout the Islamic world to fund construction. The railway was to be a waqf, an inalienable religious endowment or charitable trust. Before the construction, German military adviser in Istanbul Auler Pasha estimated that the transportation of soldiers from Istanbul to Mecca would be reduced to 120 hours. The Berlin to Baghdad Railway was built in the same time. The railways were interrelated and aimed to strengthen the authority of the Empire over Arab provinces. Another intention was to protect Hejaz and other Arab provinces from British invasion. The railway reached Medina on September 1, 1908, the anniversary of the Sultan's accession. Compromises had had to be made in order to finish by this date, with some sections of track being laid on temporary embankments across wadis. In 1913 the Hejaz Railway Station was opened in central
Harald Cramér Harald Cramér (; 25 September 1893 – 5 October 1985) was a Swedish mathematician, actuary, and statistician, specializing in mathematical statistics and probabilistic number theory. He was once described by John Kingman as one of the giants of statistical theory. Biography. Early life. Harald Cramér was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 25 September 1893. Cramér remained close to Stockholm for most of his life. He entered the University of Stockholm as an undergraduate in 1912, where he studied mathematics and chemistry. During this period, he was a research assistant under the famous chemist, Hans von Euler-Chelpin, with whom he published his first 5 articles from 1913–1914. Following his lab experience, he began to focus solely on mathematics. He eventually began his work on his doctoral studies in mathematics which were supervised by the famous Hungarian mathematician, Marcel Riesz, at the University of Stockholm. Also influenced by G.H. Hardy, Cramér's research led to a PhD in 1917 for his thesis On a class of Dirichlet series. Academic professional career. Following his PhD, he served as an Assistant Professor of Mathematics at Stockholm University from 1917 to 1929. Early on, Cramér was highly involved in analytic number theory. He also made some important statistical contributions to the distribution of primes and twin primes. His most famous paper on this subject is entitled On the order of magnitude of the difference between prime numbers, which provided a rigorous account of the constructive role in which probability applied to number theory. In the late 1920s, Cramér became interested in the field of probability, which at the time was not an accepted branch of mathematics. Cramér knew that a radical change was needed in this field, and in a paper in 1926 said, The probability concept should be introduced by a purely mathematical definition, from which its fundamental properties and the classical theorems are deduced by purely mathematical operations. Cramér took an interest in the rigorous mathematical formulation of probability in the work of French and Russian mathematicians such as Kolmogorov, Lévy, Bernstein, and Khinchin in the early 1930s. Cramér also made significant development to the revolution in probability theory. Cramér later wrote his careful study of the field in his Cambridge publication Random variables and probability distributions which appeared in 1937. Shortly after World War II, Cramér went on to publish the influential Mathematical Methods of Statistics in 1946. This text
Cork taint Cork taint is a broad term referring to a wine fault characterized by a set of undesirable smells or tastes found in a bottle of wine, especially spoilage that can only be detected after bottling, aging and opening. Though modern studies have shown that other factors can also be responsible for taint – including wooden barrels, storage conditions and the transport of corks and wine – the cork stopper is normally considered to be responsible, and a wine found to be tainted on opening is said to be corked or corky. Cork taint can affect wines irrespective of price and quality level. The chief cause of cork taint is the presence of 2,4,6-trichloroanisole (TCA), and/or 2,4,6-tribromoanisole (TBA), in the wine, which in many cases will have been transferred from the cork, but which also can have been transferred through the cork rather than from it. Corked wine containing TCA has a characteristic odor, variously described as resembling a moldy newspaper, wet dog, damp cloth, or damp basement. In almost all cases of corked wine the wine's native aromas are reduced significantly, and a very tainted wine is quite unpalatable, although harmless. While the human threshold for detecting TCA is measured in the single-digit parts per trillion, this can vary by several orders of magnitude depending on an individual's sensitivity. Detection is also complicated by the olfactory system's particularly quick habituation to TCA, making the smell less obvious on each subsequent sniff. Production. The production of TCA in cork or its transfer by other means into wine is complex, but most results when naturally-occurring airborne fungi are presented with chlorophenol compounds, which they then convert into chlorinated anisole derivatives. Chlorophenols taken up by cork trees are an industrial pollutant found in many pesticides and wood preservatives, which may mean that the incidence of cork taint has risen in modern times. Ironically, chlorophenols can also be a product of the chlorine bleaching process used to sterilize corks; this has led to the increasing adoption of methods such as peroxide bleaching. TCA and TBA are responsible for the vast majority of cases of cork taint, but other less common and less known compounds that can cause different varieties include guaiacol, geosmin, 2-methylisoborneol (MIB), octen-3-ol and octen-3-one - each has its own aroma, all of them considered objectionable in wine. Estimated occurrence of cork taint and industry response. The cork-industry group
Table grape Table grapes are grapes intended for consumption while they are fresh, as opposed to grapes grown for wine production, juice production, or for drying into raisins. Table varieties usually have lower sugar content than wine grapes and are more flavorful when eaten. Their flavors, however, do not survive fermentation and their low sugar content means that any wine produced from them is weak, bland-tasting and easy to deteriorate. Depending on the market for wine and table grapes, low quality wine may contain some grapes that could also be sold as table grapes, particularly Thompson Seedless. Other grapes sold as table grapes are Flame, Sultana, Muscat, Almeria and Concord grape. List of grapes. Green grapes: Perlette, Muscat of Alexandria, Sugraone, Thompson Seedless, Calmeria, Italia, Autumn King seedless grape Red grapes: Flame Seedless, Swenson Red, Yates, Red Globe, Ruby Seedless, Christmas Rose, Emperor, Rouge, Crimson Seedless, Tudor Premium Red, Cardinal, Scarlet Royal seedless grape Blue-Black grapes: Beauty Seedless, Thomcord, Muscat Hamburg, Autumn Royal, Ribier, Fantasy Seedless, Marroo, Niabell, Summer Royal seedless grape  
Earnie Shavers Earnie Dee Shaver (born August 31, 1945), better known as Earnie Shavers, is an American former professional boxer. In 2003, he was listed #10 on The Ring's ranking of the 100 greatest punchers of all-time. Muhammad Ali, Joe Bugner, Larry Holmes, Randall Tex Cobb, Ron Lyle, and Ken Norton all credited Shavers as being the hardest puncher they had ever faced in the ring. Shavers began boxing at the age of 22. Two weeks later he won his first fight by a first round knockout, against Jim Daniels. Earnie worked out daily in Warren, Ohio. He was in and out of the top ten ratings over a ten-year period. His right uppercut and cross were his greatest assets. Angelo Dundee respectfully noted, He can get you out of there with any shot. Amateur career. Prior to turning professional, Shavers had a short but notable amateur career. He was the 1969 National AAU Heavyweight Champion. Early Professional career. Known as the Black Destroyer, Shavers compiled an impressive record, winning 44 of his first 47 fights by knockout; mostly against unremarkable opposition. His KO streak included 27 consecutive knockouts, of which 20 victories were in the first round. He suffered setbacks with losses to Ron Stander and Stan Johnson. He began to rise through the ranks of the heavyweight division after he hired a Cleveland-based promoter and ex-con named Don King to be his manager. His wins included a novice Jimmy Young who would later become a top contender. Stepping up the class of opposition, he came to public prominence with a first round KO of one time WBA heavyweight champion Jimmy Ellis. His progress was halted when he was KO'd in the first round by White Hope Jerry Quarry which was followed by another loss to a journeyman Bob Stallings. Shavers then had a thunderous match with hard hitting Ron Lyle but was stopped after 6 brutal rounds. He then knocked out hard hitter Howard King and beat Roy Williams in a back and forward battle. The latter Shavers always said was one of the toughest of his whole career. Shavers vs Ali. Shavers, fought Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden on September 29, 1977. Ali nicknamed Shavers The Acorn because of his shaved bald head, unlike early appearances. The fight was shown in prime time broadcast television by NBC, which rarely did prime time fights (ABC tended
Ron Lyle Ron Lyle (February 12, 1941 – November 26, 2011) was an American professional boxer in the heavyweight division. He is considered to have been one of the best contenders of his era and one of the best fighters never to win a world title. He was a crowd-pleasing power puncher. Early life. Lyle was born to William and Nellie Lyle. He grew up in the Northeast side of Denver, a predominantly African American section of the city, in public housing projects. He was one of 19 children, and the only one to get in trouble with the law. When he was in his teens, Lyle was arrested and charged with second degree murder in the shooting death of 21-year-old Douglas Byrd in a gang fight. Lyle was convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to 15–25 years at the Colorado State Penitentiary. While in prison, Lyle was knifed and underwent a seven-hour operation; twice pronounced dead on the operating table, he needed 36 pints of blood to keep him alive. Lyle credited Lt. Cliff Mattax, the athletic director at the prison, with getting him interested in boxing and changing his life. While in prison, Lyle excelled in four sports: boxing, baseball, basketball, and football. Lyle fought on his prison's boxing team. In his first match, Lyle was defeated by Texas Johnson. However, Lyle never lost a prison boxing match again. After serving seven-and-a-half years in prison, Lyle was paroled on Sunday, November 22, 1969. Amateur career. After prison, Lyle joined the Denver Elks Gym and started boxing for Bill Daniels. Lyle's first amateur victory was a third round knockout over Fred Houpe (who would later be Leon Spinks's final opponent). His amateur career lasted only 14 months, and he compiled a record of 25-4 with 17 knockouts. He was the 1970 National AAU Heavyweight Champion, the 1970 North American Amateur Heavyweight Champion, and the 1970 International Boxing League Heavyweight Champion. Lyle was a member of the United States Boxing Team. He lost to Russian Ivan Alexi, but knocked out Russian heavyweight Kamo Saroyan in a match broadcast by ABC television's Wide World of Sports. Pro career. Lyle had a very late start in professional boxing. He turned professional under Bill Daniels, with trainer Bobby Lewis. His first fight was at the age of 30 in Denver, Colorado, against A.J Staples, which he won by knockout in the
Isfahan Isfahan ( Esfāhān ), historically also rendered in English as Ispahan, Sepahan or Hispahan, is the capital of Isfahan Province in Iran, located about south of Tehran. It has a population of 1,583,609 and is Iran's the third largest city after Tehran, Mashhad. The Isfahan metropolitan area had a population of 3,430,353 in the 2006 Census, the second most populous metropolitan area in Iran after Tehran. The cities of Zarrinshahr, Fooladshahr and Najafabad, Se-deh, Shahin-shahr, Mobarakeh, Falavarjan and Charmahin all constitute the metropolitan city of Isfahan. Isfahan is located on the main north-south and east-west routes crossing Iran, and was once one of the largest cities in the world. It flourished from 1050 to 1722, particularly in the 16th century under the Safavid dynasty, when it became the capital of Persia for the second time in its history. Even today, the city retains much of its past glory. It is famous for its Islamic architecture, with many beautiful boulevards, covered bridges, palaces, mosques, and minarets. This led to the Persian proverb Esfahān nesf-e jahān ast (Isfahan is half of the world). The Naghsh-e Jahan Square in Isfahan is one of the largest city squares in the world and an outstanding example of Iranian and Islamic architecture. It has been designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. The city also has a wide variety of historic monuments and is known for the paintings and history. History. Prehistory. The history of Isfahan can be traced back to the Palaeolithic period. In recent discoveries, archaeologists have found artifacts dating back to the Palaeolithic, Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze and Iron ages. Pre-Islamic Era. The city emerged gradually over the course of the Elamite civilization (2700 - 1600 BCE) under the name of Aspandana also spelt Ispandana. During the Median dynasty, this commercial entrepôt began to show signs of a more sedentary urbanism, steadily growing into a noteworthy regional center that benefited from the exceptionally fertile soil on the banks of the Zayendehrud River. Once Cyrus the Great (reg. 559 - 529 BCE) unified Persian and Median lands into the Achaemenid Empire (648 - 330 BCE), the religiously and ethnically diverse city of Isfahan became an early example of the king's fabled religious tolerance. The Parthians(250 BCE - 226 CE) continued this tradition after the fall of the Achaemenids, fostering the Hellenistic dimension within Iranian culture and political organization introduced by Alexander's invading
Jerry Quarry Jerry Quarry (May 15, 1945 - January 3, 1999), nicknamed Irish or “The Bellflower Bomber,” was an American heavyweight boxer. Quarry was rated by Ring Magazine as the most popular fighter in the sport, from 1968–1971, during the peak of his career. Overview. Quarry was a durable and smart counter-puncher/action fighter, often noted for his surprising agility in the ring. He had fast hands, an excellent left hook, and punched well with both hands. He also had a remarkable chin, although his major flaw was a tendency to cut easily and the bad luck to box in the era of Ali, Frazier, Foreman, Patterson and Norton. He was six feet (1.83 metres) tall and weighed 195-pounds (88 kilograms) in his prime, which whilst comparable to many heavyweight boxers then, still put him on the slightly smaller side of the division. He would today be considered cruiser-weight. He was the most visible of a significant fighting family, which included three other pro boxers (his father and two brothers). Quarry's father first put gloves on his son at five years. His career, he felt, was decided for him at a very young age. Boxing career. Emergence. Quarry came to notice by winning the 1965 National Golden Gloves championship in Kansas City at age 19. He knocked out each of his five opponents, a feat unmatched before or since. Quarry began his pro career in March 1965, winning a decision against Gene Hamilton in Los Angeles, California. 1960s. Quarry's first loss came against veteran and former contender Eddie Machen in 1966, which was his twenty-first fight within two full years as a pro. In mid-1967, the (World Boxing Association) (W.B.A.) held a tournament to replace Muhammad Ali a heavyweight champion, who had been stripped of his title for refusing induction into the military. Quarry had three convincing wins early in that year to improve his ranking, but also had a draw with former champion Floyd Patterson. Title match v Ellis. Quarry was named to the eight-man tournament field, where in his first match he once again defeated Patterson with multiple knockdowns. He then defeated ranked tournament favorite Thad Spencer, which brought him to national attention. In the tournament final, Jimmy Ellis defeated Quarry on a split decision to become the new WBA Heavyweight Champion Of The World. Quarry was later stung by criticism that the match was considered dull, and
Jus commune Jus commune or ius commune is Latin for common law in certain jurisdictions. It is often used by civil law jurists to refer to those aspects of the civil law system's invariate legal principles, sometimes called the law of the land in English law. (Ius commune is distinct from the term common law meaning the Anglo-American family of law in contradistinction to the civil law family.) The phrase the common law of the civil law systems means those underlying laws that create a distinct legal system and are common to all its elements. The , in its historical meaning, is commonly thought of as a combination of canon law and Roman law which formed the basis of a common system of legal thought in Western Europe from the rediscovery and reception of Justinian's Digest in the 12th and 13th centuries. In addition to this definition, the term also possibly had a narrower meaning depending upon the context in which it was used. Some scholars believe that the term, when used in the context of the ecclesiastical courts of England in the fourteenth and fifteenth century, also meant the law that is common to the universal church, as opposed to the constitutions or special customs or privileges of any provincial church. The ' was an actual part of the law in most areas, although in any one jurisdiction local laws (statutes and customs) could take precedence over the '. This was the case up until the codification movement in the late 18th and 19th centuries, which explicitly removed the direct applicability of Roman and canon law in most countries, although there continued to be argument about whether the  was banished completely or survived where the national codes were silent. The latter view prevailed, so it can still be said that there is, in theory at least, a common basis in substantive law throughout Western Europe (except England, which never had a reception as such) although it has of course fragmented greatly from its heyday in the 15th and 16th centuries. More important, however, is the civilian tradition of ways of thinking that the  encouraged and the procedures it used, which have been more persistent than the actual substance. In England, the law developed its own tradition separate from the rest of Europe based on its own common law. Scotland has a mixed civil and common law
Gantt chart A Gantt chart is a type of bar chart, developed by Henry Gantt in the 1910s, that illustrates a project schedule. Gantt charts illustrate the start and finish dates of the terminal elements and summary elements of a project. Terminal elements and summary elements comprise the work breakdown structure of the project. Some Gantt charts also show the dependency (i.e. precedence network) relationships between activities. Gantt charts can be used to show current schedule status using percent-complete shadings and a vertical TODAY line as shown here. Although now regarded as a common charting technique, Gantt charts were considered revolutionary when first introduced. In recognition of Henry Gantt's contributions, the Henry Laurence Gantt Medal is awarded for distinguished achievement in management and in community service. This chart is also used in information technology to represent data that has been collected. Historical development. The first known tool of this type was developed in 1896 by Karol Adamiecki, who called it a harmonogram. Adamiecki published his chart in 1931, however, only in Polish, which limited both its adoption and recognition of his authorship. The chart is named after Henry Gantt (1861–1919), who designed his chart around the years 1910–1915. One of the first major applications of Gantt charts was during World War I. On the initiative of General William Crozier, then Chief of Ordnance these included that of the Emergency Fleet, the Shipping Board, etc. In the 1980s, personal computers allowed for widespread creation of complex and elaborate Gantt charts. The first desktop applications were intended mainly for project managers and project schedulers. With the advent of the Internet and increased collaboration over networks at the end of the 1990s, Gantt charts became a common feature of web-based applications, including collaborative groupware. Advantages and limitations. Gantt charts have become common technique for representing the phases and activities of a project work breakdown structure (WBS), so they can be understood by a wide audience all over the world. The technique is frequently used in Project Management to help breakdown the project. A common error made by those who equate Gantt chart design with project design is that they attempt to define the project work breakdown structure at the same time that they define scheduled activities. This practice makes it very difficult to follow the 100% Rule. Instead the WBS should be fully defined to follow the 100% Rule, then the project
ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes are three-letter country codes defined in ISO 3166-1, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), to represent countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest. They allow a better visual association between the codes and the country names than the two-letter alpha-2 codes (the third set of codes is numeric and hence offers no visual association). They were first included as part of the ISO 3166 standard in its first edition in 1974. Uses and applications. The ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes are used most prominently in ISO/IEC 7501-1 for machine-readable passports, as standardized by the International Civil Aviation Organization, with a number of additional codes for special passports; some of these codes are currently reserved and not used at the present stage in ISO 3166-1. The United Nations uses a combination of ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 and alpha-3 codes, along with codes that pre-date the creation of ISO 3166, for international vehicle registration codes, which are codes used to identify the issuing country of a vehicle registration plate; some of these codes are currently indeterminately reserved in ISO 3166-1. Current codes. Officially assigned code elements. The following is a complete list of the current officially assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes, using the English short country names officially defined by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA): User-assigned code elements. User-assigned code elements are codes at the disposal of users who need to add further names of countries, territories, or other geographical entities to their in-house application of ISO 3166-1, and the ISO 3166/MA will never use these codes in the updating process of the standard. The following alpha-3 codes can be user-assigned: AAA to AAZ, QMA to QZZ, XAA to XZZ, and ZZA to ZZZ. For example, the following codes are used in ISO/IEC 7501-1 for special machine-readable passports: Reserved code elements. Reserved code elements are codes which have become obsolete, or are required in order to enable a particular user application of the standard but do not qualify for inclusion in ISO 3166-1. To avoid transitional application problems and to aid users who require specific additional code elements for the functioning of their coding systems, the ISO 3166/MA, when justified, reserves these codes which it undertakes not to use for other than specified purposes during a limited or indeterminate period of time. The reserved
Unix philosophy The Unix philosophy, originated by Ken Thompson, is a set of cultural norms and philosophical approaches to developing small yet capable software based on the experience of leading developers of the Unix operating system. The Unix philosophy emphasizes building short, simple, clear, modular, and extendable code that can be easily maintained and repurposed by developers other than its creators. McIlroy: A Quarter Century of Unix. Doug McIlroy, then head of the Bell Labs CSRC and contributor to Unix pipes, summarised Unix philosophy as follows: Eric Raymond’s 17 Unix Rules. In his book The Art of Unix Programming that was first published in 2003, Eric S. Raymond, an American programmer and open source advocate, summarizes the Unix philosophy as KISS Principle of Keep it Simple, Stupid. He provides a series of design rules: Mike Gancarz: The UNIX Philosophy. In 1994 Mike Gancarz (a member of the team that designed the X Window System), drew on his own experience with Unix, as well as discussions with fellow programmers and people in other fields who depended on Unix, to produce The UNIX Philosophy which sums it up in 9 paramount precepts: Worse is better. Richard P. Gabriel suggests that a key advantage of Unix was that it embodied a design philosophy he termed worse is better, in which simplicity of both the interface and the implementation are more important than any other attributes of the system—including correctness, consistency, and completeness. Gabriel argues that this design style has key evolutionary advantages, though he questions the quality of some results. For example, in the early days Unix was a monolithic kernel (which means that user processes carried out kernel system calls all on the user stack). If a signal was delivered to a process while it was blocked on a long-term I/O in the kernel, then what should be done? Should the signal be delayed, possibly for a long time (maybe indefinitely) while the I/O completed? The signal handler could not be executed when the process was in kernel mode, with sensitive kernel data on the stack. Should the kernel back-out the system call, and store it, for replay and restart later, assuming that the signal handler completes successfully? In these cases Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie favored simplicity over perfection. The Unix system would occasionally return early from a system call with an error stating that it had done nothing—the Interrupted
Kwik-E-Mart The Kwik-E-Mart (spelled Quick-E-Mart in Bart the General) is a fictional convenience store in the animated television series The Simpsons. It is a parody of American convenience stores, such as 7-Eleven and Circle K, and depicts many of the stereotypes about them. It is notorious for its high prices and the poor quality of its merchandise. The operator of the Springfield store is an Indian-American named Apu Nahasapeemapetilon. It was first seen in the episode The Telltale Head and has since become a common setting in The Simpsons. In July 2007, eleven 7-Eleven locations in the United States and one in Canada were transformed into Kwik-E-Marts as part of a special promotion for The Simpsons Movie. Also in 2007, gift shops modeled after the Kwik-E-Marts were opened in Universal Studios Florida and Universal Studios Hollywood, where they are a companion to The Simpsons Ride. Role in The Simpsons. The Kwik-E-Mart is a convenience store that sells the usual fare at extraordinarily high prices, including the always popular Squishee. The Kwik-E-Mart chain was started somewhere in the Himalayas. Springfield's Kwik-E-Mart is owned and operated by an Indian American named Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, who mans the store with his brother Sanjay and is a caricature of the stereotypical foreign born convenience store clerk. Apu is an extremely devoted convenience store clerk/owner, rarely closing his store and occasionally working 96 hour shifts. Apu proudly gouges customers and sells tainted merchandise, such as rotten meat or expired milk. Springfield's Kwik-E-Mart is quite often the target of robbers, leading to Apu having been shot on several occasions. It is a favorite target of local criminal Snake Jailbird, who has held up the Kwik-E-Mart several times. Real-world versions. 7-Eleven promotion. In July 2007, convenience store chain 7-Eleven converted 15 of its stores in the United States and one in Canada (Coquitlam) into Kwik-E-Marts to promote The Simpsons Movie. The concept was first visualized in 2006 by Fox's advertising agency, and the approximately 10 million dollar (US) cost of the promotion were shouldered by 7-Eleven. Another part of the promotion was a contest where customers who purchased a slurpee or sandwich also received a coded game piece that could be entered into a website. The grand prize of the contest was to be animated into an episode of The Simpsons. Prior to July, the promotion had long been known but the locations were kept a secret
ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes are two-letter country codes defined in ISO 3166-1, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), to represent countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest. They are the most widely used of the country codes published by ISO (the others being alpha-3 and numeric), and are used most prominently for the Internet's country code top-level domains (with a few exceptions). They were first included as part of the ISO 3166 standard in its first edition in 1974. Uses and applications. The ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes are used in different environments and are also part of other standards. In some cases they are not perfectly implemented. Perfect implementations. The ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes are used in the following standards: Imperfect implementations. Starting in 1985, ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes have been used in the Domain Name System as country code top-level domains (ccTLDs). The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority currently assigns the ccTLDs mostly following the alpha-2 codes, but with a few exceptions. For example, the United Kingdom, whose alpha-2 code is GB, uses .uk instead of .gb as its ccTLD, as UK is currently exceptionally reserved in ISO 3166-1 on the request of the United Kingdom. The WIPO coding standard ST.3 is based on ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes, but includes a number of additional codes for international intellectual property organizations, which are currently reserved and not used at the present stage in ISO 3166-1. The European Commission generally uses ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes with two exceptions: EL (not GR) is used to represent Greece, and UK (not GB) is used to represent the United Kingdom. This notwithstanding, the Official Journal of the European Communities specified that GB and GR be used to represent the United Kingdom and Greece respectively. For VAT administration purposes, the European Commission uses EL and GB for Greece and the United Kingdom respectively. The United Nations uses a combination of ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 and alpha-3 codes, along with codes that pre-date the creation of ISO 3166, for international vehicle registration codes, which are codes used to identify the issuing country of a vehicle registration plate; some of these codes are currently indeterminately reserved in ISO 3166-1. IETF language tags (conforming to the BCP 47 standard track and maintained in an IANA registry) are also partially derived from ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes (for
Michael Keaton Michael John Douglas (born September 5, 1951), better known by the stage name Michael Keaton, is an American actor who became popular for his early comedic film roles, most notably his performance as the title character of Tim Burton's Beetlejuice, and later gained international fame for his dramatic portrayal of Bruce Wayne / Batman in Tim Burton's Batman and Batman Returns. He has appeared in various other films, including Night Shift, Mr. Mom, Clean and Sober, Pacific Heights and Jackie Brown, and has also provided voicework for Pixar's Cars and Toy Story 3. Early life. Keaton, the youngest of seven children, was born in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania, and lived in Robinson Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. His father, George A. Douglas, worked as a civil engineer and surveyor, and his mother, Leona Elizabeth (née Loftus), a homemaker, came from McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania. Keaton was raised in a Catholic family, and is of Irish and Scottish ancestry. He attended Montour High School in Pennsylvania. Douglas studied speech for two years at Kent State, before dropping out and moving to Pittsburgh. Career. Early career. An unsuccessful attempt at stand-up comedy led Keaton to working as a TV cameraman at public television station WQED (TV) in Pittsburgh. Keaton first appeared on TV in Pittsburgh-based public television programs, including Where the Heart Is and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (1975), as one of the Flying Zucchini Brothers. He also served as a full-time production assistant on the show. In 2004, following Fred Rogers' death, Keaton hosted the PBS memorial tribute program, . Keaton also worked as an actor in Pittsburgh theatre; he played the role of Rick in the Pittsburgh premiere of David Rabe's Sticks and Bones with the Pittsburgh Poor Players. Keaton left Pittsburgh and moved to Los Angeles to begin auditioning for various TV parts. He popped up in various popular TV shows including Maude and The Mary Tyler Moore Hour. Around this time Keaton decided to use an alternative surname to avoid confusion with well-known actor Michael Douglas and daytime host Mike Douglas, as well as to satisfy SAG rules. The rumor that Keaton changed his surname because of an attraction to actress Diane Keaton is incorrect. He chose Keaton because of an affinity for the physical comedy of Buster Keaton. His next key break was working alongside James Belushi in the short-lived comedy series Working Stiffs, which showcased his comedic talent
Jonny Lee Miller Jonathan Jonny Lee Miller (born 15 November 1972) is an English actor. He achieved early success with roles in the films Hackers (1995) and Trainspotting (1996), and worked steadily in film and theatre until 2008, when he starred as the series lead in two seasons of the American television series Eli Stone. He followed this up with lead roles in the Broadway play After Miss Julie and the BBC production of Emma. In February 2011, he starred in Danny Boyle's stage adaptation of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein opposite Benedict Cumberbatch. He currently stars in the CBS crime drama Elementary, alongside Lucy Liu. Early life, education and early career. Miller was born in Kingston upon Thames, London, England, the son of Anne Lee, who worked in theatre production and starred in many films (including Lost & Found), and Alan Miller, a stage actor and later a stage manager at the BBC. His maternal grandfather was actor Bernard Lee, famous for playing the character M in the first eleven James Bond films. Miller has stated that he has fond memories of being at the BBC Television Centre with his sister and watching Top of the Pops and Blue Peter being made. He made an uncredited appearance in the BBC series Doctor Who as a child in the 1982 story Kinda. Miller was educated at Tiffin School in Kingston upon Thames where he gained his first acting experience (notably in the musical The Ragged Child, written by the school's Director of Music David Nield, and Head of Drama Frank Whately) and played in the Tiffin Swing Band. Miller left school at age 17 to pursue his acting career. Career. After a stint in EastEnders as Jonathan Hewitt, Miller got his big break in the film Hackers (1995), co-starring with Angelina Jolie, whom he married in 1996. In 1997, Miller was involved with the creation and operation of Natural Nylon along with friends Jude Law (whom he met in the National Youth Music Theatre), Sadie Frost, Ewan McGregor, Sean Pertwee, Damon Bryant, and Bradley Adams. Natural Nylon folded in 2003. Aside from EastEnders, he has appeared on television in the BBC's modernisation of The Canterbury Tales, as Artie in The Pardoner's Tale and as Lord Byron in the BBC production Byron about the life of the poet. He worked on the U.S. television series Smith in 2006. His first appearance on
U.S. Route 10 U.S. Route 10 (US 10) is an east–west United States highway formed in 1926. Though it never became the cross-country highway suggested by the 0 as the last digit of its route number, U.S. Highway 10 was one of the original long-haul highways, running from Detroit, Michigan, to Seattle, Washington, but then losing much of its length when new Interstate Highways were built on top of its right-of-way. In 2010, its length is . U.S. Highway 10 is broken into two segments by Lake Michigan. Travel between the two segments is possible on a seasonal basis via the ferry SS Badger between Ludington, Michigan, and Manitowoc, Wisconsin. The ferry route and link are not part of the U.S. Highway system. The eastern terminus of U.S. Highway 10 is in Bay City, Michigan, at its interchange with Interstate 75 (near Highway 10's milepost 139 and Interstate 75's milepost 162). The western terminus of U.S. Highway 10 is in the town of West Fargo, North Dakota, at its interchange with Interstate 94. Route description. North Dakota. In the state of North Dakota, Highway 10 runs for about eight miles (13 km), from Interstate 94 at Exit 343 to the Red River of the North. It is one of the primary east–west streets in West Fargo and Fargo, and is called Main Avenue for its entire length in North Dakota. At the Red River, U.S. 10 crosses over a bridge to Moorhead, Minnesota. Minnesota. US 10 is a major divided highway for almost all of its length in Minnesota. The road enters Minnesota in Moorhead and travels through Detroit Lakes, Wadena, Staples, Little Falls, St. Cloud, Elk River. It becomes a Freeway in Anoka and passes through the northern suburbs of Minneapolis and St. Paul, It enters St. Paul duplexed with Interstate 35-E and exits St. Paul duplexed with U.S. Route 61. It leaves Hwy-61 just north of Hastings, shortly before entering into Wisconsin. Wisconsin. U.S. 10 enters Wisconsin at Prescott and travels southeastward passing Neillsville, Marshfield, Stevens Point, and Appleton before reaching its eastern terminus near the Lake Michigan shore in Manitowoc. Ferry service between the western and eastern portions of U.S. 10 is provided on a seasonal basis by the ferry S.S. Badger. U.S. 10 is now a 4 lane divided highway from STH 80 2 mi (3.2 km) south of Marshfield to Interstate 39. This allows
Red Beard Plot. The film takes place in Koishikawa, a district of Edo (the former name of the city of Tokyo), in the 19th century. Young Dr. Noboru Yasumoto (Yūzō Kayama) is the film's protagonist. Trained in a Dutch medical school in Nagasaki, the arrogant Yasumoto aspires to the status of personal physician of the Shogunate, a position currently held by a close relative; his father is already a well-established, highly competent physician. Yasumoto believes that he should progress through the safe, and well-protected, army structure of medical education. However, for Yasumoto's post-graduate medical training, he has been assigned to a rural clinic under the guidance of Akahige (Red Beard), Dr. Kyojō Niide (played by Toshiro Mifune). Dr. Niide may seem like a tyrannical task master, but in reality he is a compassionate clinic director. Initially, Yasumoto is livid at his posting, believing that he has little to gain from working under Akahige. Dr. Yasumoto feels that Dr. Niide is only interested in his medical notes and soon rebels against the clinic director. He refuses to wear his uniform, disdains the food and spartan environment, and enters the forbidden garden where he meets The Mantis (Kyōko Kagawa), a mysterious patient that only Dr. Niide can treat. As Yasumoto struggles to come to terms with his situation, the film tells the story of a few of the clinic's patients. One of them is Rokusuke, a dying man whom Dr. Niide discerns is troubled by a secret misery that is only revealed when his desperately unhappy daughter shows up. Another is Sahachi, a well-loved man of the town known for his generosity to his neighbors, who has a tragic connection to a woman whose corpse is discovered after a landslide. Dr. Niide brings Yasumoto along to rescue a sick twelve-year-old girl from a brothel (fighting off a local gang of toughs to do so) and then assigns the girl to Yasumoto as his first patient. Through his efforts to heal the traumatized girl, Yasumoto begins to understand the magnitude of cruelty and suffering around him as well as his power to ease that suffering, and learns to regret his vanity and selfishness. When Yasumoto himself falls ill, he is nursed back to health by the care and affection of Otoyo, the twelve-year-old girl who was saved from the brothel. Through his observations of Dr. Niide's compassion and a series of destitute
Heliozoa Heliozoa are phagotrophs. They are roughly spherical amoeboids with many stiff, microtubule-supported projections called axopods radiating outward from the cell surface. These give them the characteristic sun-like appearance for which they are named, and are variously used for capturing food, sensation, movement, and attachment. They are similar to radiolaria, but they are distinguished from them by lacking central capsules and other complex skeletal elements, although some produce simple scales and spines. They may be found in both fresh water and marine environments. Groups. Originally the heliozoa were treated together as a formal class Heliozoa or Heliozoea, but it has been realised that they are polyphyletic, as the various orders show notable differences and are no longer believed to be related. Instead, heliozoa is regarded as a descriptive term applying to various lines of protists. The primary groups include: Several nucleariids were once considered heliozoa, but they do not have microtubule-supported axopods and so are now considered filose amoeboids instead. External links. Actinosphaerium (single-celled) is an example of a heliozoa. For an image see  
Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq Mohammad Zia-ul-Haq (Punjabi, ; 12 August 1924 – 17 August 1988), was the sixth President of Pakistan from 1978 until his death in 1988, having declared martial law for the third time in the country's history in 1977. He was Pakistan's longest-serving head of state, ruling eleven years. After graduating from the Delhi University with a BA degree in economics, Zia saw action in World War II as a British Indian Army officer, before opting for Pakistan in 1947 and fighting in the war against India in 1965. In 1970, he led the Pakistani training mission in Jordan, proving instrumental to putting down the Black September insurgency against King Hussein. In recognition, Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto approved Zia's appointment to four-star tier, as Chief of Army Staff in 1976, over several senior officers. Following increasing civil disorder, Zia deposed Bhutto and declared martial law over the country in 1977. Bhutto was controversially tried and executed by the Supreme Court less than two years later, for authorising the murder of a political opponent. Assuming the presidency in 1978, Zia played a major role in the Soviet war in neighboring Afghanistan. Aided by the United States and Saudi Arabia, Zia systematically coordinated the Afghan mujahideen against the Soviet occupation throughout the 1980s. This culminated in the USSR's defeat and withdrawal in 1989, but also led to the proliferation of millions of refugees, with heroin and weaponry into Pakistan's frontier province. Zia also bolstered ties with China and emphasised Pakistan's role in the Islamic world, while relations with India worsened amid the Siachen conflict and accusations that Pakistan was aiding the Khalistan movement. Domestically, Zia passed broad-ranging legislation as part of Pakistan's Islamization, acts criticised for fomenting religious intolerance. He also escalated Pakistan's atomic bomb project, and instituted industrialisation and deregulation, helping Pakistan's economy become among the fastest-growing in South Asia. Averaged over Zia's rule, GDP growth was the highest in history. After lifting martial law and holding partyless elections in 1985, Zia appointed Muhammad Khan Junejo Prime Minister but accumulated even more presidential powers via the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution. After Junejo signed the Geneva Accords in 1988 against Zia's wishes, and called for an enquiry into the Ojhri Camp disaster, Zia dismissed Junejo's government and announced fresh elections in November 1988. But he was killed along with several of his top generals and two American diplomats
Potassium hydroxide Potassium hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the formula KOH, commonly called caustic potash. Along with sodium hydroxide (NaOH), this colorless solid is a prototypical strong base. It has many industrial and niche applications; most applications exploit its reactivity toward acids and its corrosive nature. In 2005, an estimated 700,000 to 800,000 tonnes were produced. Approximately 100 times more NaOH than KOH is produced annually. KOH is noteworthy as the precursor to most soft and liquid soaps as well as numerous potassium-containing chemicals. Properties and structure. Potassium hydroxide can be found in pure form by reacting sodium hydroxide with impure potassium. Potassium hydroxide is usually sold as translucent pellets, which will become tacky in air because KOH is hygroscopic. Consequently, KOH typically contains varying amounts of water (as well as carbonates, see below). Its dissolution in water is strongly exothermic, meaning the process gives off significant heat. Concentrated aqueous solutions are sometimes called potassium lyes. Even at high temperatures, solid KOH does not dehydrate readily. Structure. At higher temperatures, solid KOH crystallizes in the NaCl crystal structure. The OH group is either rapidly or randomly disordered so that the group is effectively a spherical anion of radius 1.53 Å (between and in size). At room temperature, the groups are ordered and the environment about the centers is distorted, with distances ranging from 2.69 to 3.15 Å, depending on the orientation of the OH group. KOH forms a series of crystalline hydrates, namely the monohydrate , the dihydrate , and the tetrahydrate . Solubility and desiccating properties. Approximately 121 g of KOH will dissolve in 100 mL of water at room temperature compared with 100 g of NaOH in the same volume (on a molar basis, KOH is slightly less soluble than NaOH). Lower molecular weight alcohols such as methanol, ethanol, and propanols are also excellent solvents. Because of its high affinity for water, KOH serves as a desiccant in the laboratory. It is often used to dry basic solvents, especially amines and pyridines: distillation of these basic liquids from a slurry of KOH yields the anhydrous reagent. Thermal stability. Like NaOH, KOH exhibits high thermal stability. The gaseous species is dimeric. Because of its high stability and relatively low melting point, it is often melt-cast as pellets or rods, forms that have low surface area and convenient handling properties. Reactions. As a base. KOH is highly basic,
Tent A tent is a shelter consisting of sheets of fabric or other material draped over, attached to a frame of poles or attached to a supporting rope. While smaller tents may be free-standing or attached to the ground, large tents are usually anchored using guy ropes tied to stakes or tent pegs. First used as portable homes by nomadic peoples, tents are now more often used for recreational camping and temporary shelters. Tents range in size from bivouac structures, just big enough for one person to sleep in, up to huge circus tents capable of seating thousands of people. The bulk of this article is concerned with tents used for recreational camping which have sleeping space for one to ten people. Larger tents are discussed in a separate section below. Tents for recreational camping fall into two categories. Tents intended to be carried by backpackers are the smallest and lightest type. Small tents may be sufficiently light that they can be carried for long distances on a touring bicycle, a boat, or when backpacking. The second type are larger, heavier tents which are usually carried in a car or other vehicle. Depending on tent size and the experience of the person or people involved, such tents can usually be assembled (pitched) in between 5 and 25 minutes; disassembly (striking) takes a similar length of time. Some very specialised tents have spring-loaded poles and can be 'pitched' in seconds, but take somewhat longer to strike. History. Tents were used at least as far back as the early Iron Age; they are mentioned in the bible, for example in the Genesis 4:20 where Jabal is described as 'the first to live in tents and raise sheep and goats'. The Roman Army used leather tents, copies of which have been used successfully by modern reenactors. Various styles developed over time, some derived from traditional nomadic tents, such as the yurt. Most military tents throughout history were of a simple ridge design. The major technological advance was the use of linen or hemp canvas for the canopy versus leather for the Romans. The primary use of tents was still to provide portable shelter for a small number of men in the field. By World War I larger designs were being deployed in rear areas to provide shelter for support activities and supplies. Use. Tents are used as habitation by nomads, recreational campers,
Pig-footed bandicoot The pig-footed bandicoot, Chaeropus ecaudatus, was a small marsupial of the arid and semi-arid plains of Australia. The distribution range of the species was later reduced to an inland desert region, where it was last recorded in the 1950s, and is now presumed to be extinct. Classification. This species was previously placed in the family Peramelidae, along with the bilbies, as the subfamily Chaeropodinae by McKenna and Bell (1997). However, its form is quite distinct from the Peramelidae and bilbies, and recent molecular evidence supports this distinction. It is believed to be the sister group of the rest of the Peramelmorphia and has been assigned to its own family Chaeropodidae. Description. The pig-footed bandicoot had a body size of 23–26 cm and a 10–15 cm long tail. In form, it was almost bilby-like on first sight, having long, slender limbs, large, pointed ears, and a long tail. On closer examination, however, it became apparent that the pig-footed bandicoot was very unusual for a marsupial. The forefeet had two functional toes with hoof-like nails, rather similar to a pig or deer. The hind feet had an enlarged fourth toe with a heavy claw shaped like a tiny horse's hoof, with the other toes being vestigial:only the fused second and third toes being useful, and that not for locomotion but for grooming. It had a broad head, and a long yet slender snout. Its fur was coarse and straight, but not spiny. In color it varied from grizzled grey through fawn to orange-brown, the belly and underparts were white with the fur on the ears being of chestnut color. This species had five pairs of upper and three pairs of lower incision teeth. The females of the species had eight nipples and the opening of the pouch was faced backwards, not forwards as is the case with kangaroos. Distribution and habitat. The pig-footed bandicoot was native to western New South Wales and Victoria, the southern part of the Northern Territory as well as South Australia and Western Australia. It inhabited a wide range of habitat types: from grassy woodland and grassland plains to the spinifex country and arid flats of central Australia. Despite its wide range, the species had a sparse distribution and was never abundant. Behaviour and ecology. Few scientists had the opportunity to observe a live pig-footed bandicoot, with the only existing account of its behaviour suggesting
Amenorrhoea Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrhœa, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause. Amenorrhoea is a symptom with many potential causes. Primary amenorrhoea (menstruation cycles never starting) may be caused by developmental problems such as the congenital absence of the uterus, failure of the ovary to receive or maintain egg cells, and genetic diseases such as 5-alpha-reductase deficiency which causes one to be intersex. Also, delay in pubertal development will lead to primary amenorrhoea. It is defined as an absence of secondary sexual characteristics by age 14 with no menarche or normal secondary sexual characteristics but no menarche by 16 years of age. Secondary amenorrhoea (menstruation cycles ceasing) is often caused by hormonal disturbances from the hypothalamus and the pituitary gland, from premature menopause or intrauterine scar formation. It is defined as the absence of menses for three months in a woman with previously normal menstruation or nine months for women with a history of oligomenorrhoea. Classification. There are two primary ways to classify amenorrhoea. Types of amenorrhoea are classified as primary or secondary, or based on functional compartments (Speroff). The latter classification relates to the hormonal state of the patient that could be hypo-, eu-, or hypergonadotropic (meaning FSH levels are either low, normal or high). Cause. Hypothalamic. Women who perform considerable amounts of exercise on a regular basis or lose a significant amount of weight are at risk of developing hypothalamic (or 'athletic') amenorrhoea. It was thought for many years that low body fat levels and exercise related hormones (such as beta endorphins and catecholamines) disrupt the interplay of the sex hormones estrogen and progesterone. However, recent studies have shown that there are no differences in the body composition, or hormonal levels in amenorrhoeic athletes as compared to regularly cycling athletes . Instead, amenorrhoea has been shown to be directly attributable to low energy availability. Many women who diet or who exercise at a high level do not take in enough calories to expend on their exercise as well as to maintain their normal menstrual cycles. A serious risk associated with amenorrhoea is severe bone loss sometimes
Mafia (party game) Mafia (, also known as Werewolf) is a party game created in the USSR by Dimitry Davidoff in 1986, modelling a conflict between an informed minority (the mafia) and an uninformed majority (the innocents). At the start of the game each player is secretly assigned a role affiliated with one of these teams. The game has two alternating phases: night, during which the mafia may covertly murder an innocent, and day, in which surviving players debate the identities of the mafiosi and vote to eliminate a suspect. Play continues until all of the mafia has been eliminated, or until the mafia outnumbers the innocents. History. Dmitry Davidoff (, Dmitriy Davydov) is generally acknowledged as the game's creator. He dates the first game to spring 1986 at the Psychology Department of Moscow State University, spreading to classrooms, dorms, and summer camps of Moscow University. Wired attributes the creation to Davidoff but dates the first game to 1987, with 1986 being the year in which Davidoff was starting the work which would produce Mafia. He developed the game to combine psychology research with his duties teaching high school students. The game became popular in other Soviet colleges and schools and in the 1990s it began to be played in Europe and then the United States. By the mid nineties a version of the game became a Latvian television series (with a parliamentary setting, and played by Latvian celebrities). Andrew Plotkin gave the rules a werewolf theme in 1997, arguing that the mafia were not that big a cultural reference, and that the werewolf concept fitted the idea of a hidden enemy who looked normal during the daytime. Mafia and a variant called Thing have been played at science fiction writers' workshops since 1998, and have become an integral part of the annual Clarion and Viable Paradise workshops. The Werewolf variant of Mafia became widespread at major tech events, including the Game Developers Conference, ETech, Foo Camps, and South By Southwest. In 1998 the Kaliningrad Higher school of the Internal Affairs Ministry published the methodical textbook Nonverbal communications. Developing role-playing games 'Mafia' and 'Murderer' for a course on Visual psychodiagnostics, to teach various methods of reading body language and nonverbal signals. In March 2006 Ernest Fedorov was running a Mafia Club in Kiev, using his own patented variation of the rules. The club organizes games, rates players, and awards
Mother India Mother India is a 1957 Hindi epic melodrama film, directed by Mehboob Khan and starring Nargis, Sunil Dutt, Rajendra Kumar, and Raaj Kumar. A remake of Khan's earlier film Aurat (1940), it is the story of a poverty-stricken village woman named Radha (Nargis) who, in the absence of her husband, struggles to raise her sons and survive against a money-lender amidst many troubles. Despite her hardship, she sets a goddess-like moral example of an ideal Indian woman. In the end she kills her son Birju, a criminal, for the greater good. The title of the film was chosen to counter American author Katherine Mayo's 1927 polemical book Mother India, which vilified Indian culture. Allusions to Hindu mythology are abundant in the film, and its lead character has been seen as a metonymic representation of a Hindu woman who reflects high moral values and the concept of what it means to be a mother to society through self-sacrifice. Mother India metaphorically represents India as a nation in the aftermath of independence, and alludes to a strong sense of nationalism and nation-building. While some authors treat Radha as the symbol of women empowerment, others see her cast in female stereotypes. The Oedipal elements between Radha and Birju have also been discussed by authors. The film was shot in Mumbai's Mehboob Studios and in the villages of Maharashtra, Gujarat, and Uttar Pradesh states. The music by Naushad introduced Western classical music and Hollywood-style orchestra to Hindi cinema. The film was the most expensive Hindi cinema (Bollywood) production and earned the highest revenue for any Hindi film at that time. Adjusted for inflation, Mother India still ranks among the all-time Indian box office hits. It was released in India amid fanfare in October or November 1957, and had several high-profile screenings, including one at the capital New Delhi attended by the country's president and prime minister. Mother India became a definitive cultural classic and is regarded as one of the best films in Indian and world cinema. It was India's first submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1958, where it made the shortlist. The film won the Filmfare Best Film Award for 1957, and Nargis and Khan won the Best Actress and Best Director awards respectively. Plot. The film is set in 1957, the present day at the time of shooting. When construction of an irrigation
Studs Terkel Louis Studs Terkel (May 16, 1912 – October 31, 2008) was an American author, historian, actor, and broadcaster. He received the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1985 for “The Good War”, and is best remembered for his oral histories of common Americans, and for hosting a long-running radio show in Chicago. Early life. Terkel was born to Samuel Terkel, a Russian Jewish tailor and his wife, Anna Finkelin in New York City. At the age of eight he moved with his family to Chicago, Illinois, where he spent most of his life. He had two brothers, Ben (1907–1965) and Meyer (1905–1958). From 1926 to 1936, his parents ran a rooming house that also served as a meeting place for people from all walks of life. Terkel credited his understanding of humanity and social interaction to the tenants and visitors who gathered in the lobby there, and the people who congregated in nearby Bughouse Square. In 1939, he married Ida Goldberg (1912–1999), and the couple had one son, Dan. Although he received his law degree from the University of Chicago Law School in 1934, he decided instead of practicing law, he wanted to be a concierge at a hotel, and he soon joined a theater group. Career. A political liberal, Terkel joined the Works Progress Administration's Federal Writers' Project, working in radio, doing work that varied from voicing soap opera productions and announcing news and sports, to presenting shows of recorded music and writing radio scripts and advertisements. His well-known radio program, titled The Studs Terkel Program, aired on 98.7 WFMT Chicago between 1952 and 1997. The one-hour program was broadcast each weekday during those forty-five years. On this program, he interviewed guests as diverse as Martin Luther King, Leonard Bernstein, Bob Dylan, Alexander Frey, Dorothy Parker, Tennessee Williams and Jean Shepherd. In the late 1940s and early 1950s, Terkel was also the central character of Studs' Place, an unscripted television drama about the owner of a greasy-spoon diner in Chicago through which many famous people and interesting characters passed. This show, along with Marlin Perkins's Zoo Parade, Garroway at Large and the children's show Kukla, Fran, and Ollie, are widely considered canonical examples of the Chicago School of Television. Terkel published his first book, Giants of Jazz, in 1956. He followed it with a number of other books, most focusing on the history of the United
Himno Nacional de Guatemala The National Anthem of Guatemala was written by José Joaquín Palma (1844–1911) and composed by Rafael Álvarez Ovalle. The anthem was adopted in 1896 as the winning entry in a competition held by the government. The lyrics were modified slightly in 1934 by Professor Jose Maria Bonilla Ruano, a Spanish grammar scholar. Some verses were softened in their bloody context while others were enhanced in their poetic beauty. The anthem is often erroneously titled Guatemala Feliz! from its opening lyrics, but the anthem has no official name and is only referred to in the country as Himno Nacional. Sheet music. Transcription in F, original key. Transcription in C for children and female voices, and for easy piano.  
Beretta Fabbrica d'Armi Pietro Beretta is an Italian firearms manufacturer. Their firearms are used worldwide for a variety of civilian, law enforcement, and military purposes. It is also known for manufacturing shooting clothes and accessories. Beretta is one of the oldest active firearms manufacturer in the world. Their original products were not firearms. History. Beretta has been owned by the same family for some five hundred years. The Beretta company was established in 1526, when gunsmith Maestro Bartolomeo Beretta of Gardone Val Trompia (Brescia, Lombardy, Italy) was paid 296 ducats for 185 arquebus barrels by the Arsenal of Venice. The bills of sale for the order of those barrels are in the firm's archive. In 1918, the Beretta Model 1918 was the second submachine gun the Italian army fielded. Beretta manufactured rifles and pistols for the Italian military until the 1943 Armistice between Italy and the Allied forces during World War II. With the Wehrmacht's control of northern Italy, the Germans seized Beretta and continued producing arms until the 1945 German surrender in Italy. In that time, the quality of the exterior finish of the weapons diminished and was much inferior to both the pre-war and mid-war weapons, but their operation remained excellent. The last shipment of Type I rifles left Venice for Japan in a U-boat in 1942. After World War II, Beretta was actively involved in repairing the American M1 Garands given to Italy by the U.S. Beretta modified the M1 into the Beretta BM-59 rifle, which is similar to the M14 battle rifle; armourers consider the BM-59 rifle to be superior to the M14 rifle in some ways, because it is more accurate under certain conditions. After the war, Beretta continued to develop firearms for the Italian army and police, as well as the civilian market. In the eighties, Beretta enjoyed a renewal of popularity in North America after its Beretta 92 pistol was selected as the service handgun for the United States Army under the designation of M9 pistol. Beretta acquired several domestic competitors (notably Benelli and Franchi) and some foreign companies (notably in Finland) in the late eighties. Overview. Today, the company is owned and is run by Ugo Gussalli Beretta and his sons, Franco and Pietro. The traditional father-to-son Beretta dynasty was interrupted when Ugo Gussalli Beretta assumed the firm's control; uncles Carlo and Giuseppe Beretta were childless; Ugo married into the Beretta
Lethal Weapon Lethal Weapon is a 1987 American buddy cop action film directed by Richard Donner. It stars Mel Gibson and Danny Glover as a mismatched pair of L.A.P.D. detectives, and Gary Busey as their primary adversary. The film was a box office hit and resulted in a series of four films. Plot. L.A.P.D. Homicide Sergeant Roger Murtaugh (Danny Glover) is worried about getting old, having recently celebrated his 50th birthday. He receives a message from Michael Hunsaker (Tom Atkins), an old Vietnam War friend who Murtaugh realizes he has not seen in over 12 years. Before he can meet him, he is called to investigate a suicide and learns that the victim is Hunsaker's daughter, Amanda. Elsewhere, L.A.P.D. Narcotics Sergeant Martin Riggs (Mel Gibson), who is suicidal following the recent death of his wife in a traffic accident, nearly kills a disarmed suspect after flying into a psychotic rage during a drug bust. Wary of his behavior, Riggs' superiors transfer him to Homicide, making him and Murtaugh reluctant partners. Amanda's autopsy results show that she had taken drugs laced with drain cleaner. Even though she jumped to her death, she would have died within minutes anyway – making her death a homicide. After informing her distraught father, who claims he was trying to contact Murtaugh to help Amanda get out of the underworld of drugs, prostitution and hardcore pornography, Riggs and Murtaugh question a pimp Amanda was connected to. Finding a drug lab on the premises, they engage in a brief gunfight, killing the pimp (which leads to respect between Murtaugh and Riggs after he saved Murtaugh's life). Having found the drugs and with the pimp dead, Murtaugh assumes the case is now closed, but Riggs finds it suspicious that the only witness to Amanda's suicide was a prostitute named Dixie (Lycia Naff), who was working away from her usual stroll. They deduce that Dixie poisoned Amanda and then posed as a witness to cover her crime. Riggs and Murtaugh head to Dixie's home to question her, but her house explodes just as they arrive. Riggs—who served in the U.S. Army Special Forces during the Vietnam War—finds part of the bomb, a mercury switch which only a professional would use. A neighborhood child remembers seeing a man with blond hair at Dixie's earlier who had a Special Forces tattoo similar to Riggs's own. Seeing a connection, they deduce
Neutropenia Neutropenia, occasionally spelled neutropaenia or neutropoenia, from Latin prefix neutro- (neither, for neutral staining) and Greek suffix -πενία (deficiency), is a granulocyte disorder characterized by an abnormally low number of neutrophils. Neutrophils usually make up 50-70% of circulating white blood cells and serve as the primary defense against infections by destroying bacteria in the blood. Hence, patients with neutropenia are more susceptible to bacterial infections and, without prompt medical attention, the condition may become life-threatening and deadly(neutropenic sepsis). Neutropenia can be acute or chronic depending on the duration of the illness. A patient has chronic neutropenia if the condition lasts for longer than three months. It is sometimes used interchangeably with the term leukopenia (deficit in the number of white blood cells), as neutrophils are the most abundant leukocytes, but neutropenia is more properly considered a subset of leukopenia as a whole. There are numerous causes of neutropenia that can roughly be divided between either problems in the production of the cells by the bone marrow and destruction of the cells elsewhere in the body. Treatment depends on the nature of the cause, and emphasis is placed on the prevention and treatment of infection. Classification. There are three general guidelines used to classify the severity of neutropenia based on the absolute neutrophil count (ANC) measured in cells per microliter of blood: Signs and symptoms. Neutropenia can go undetected, but is generally discovered when a patient has developed severe infections or sepsis. Some common infections can take an unexpected course in neutropenic patients; formation of pus, for example, can be notably absent, as this requires circulating neutrophil granulocytes. Some common symptoms of neutropenia include fevers and frequent infections. These infections can result in conditions such as mouth ulcers, diarrhea, a burning sensation when urinating, unusual redness, pain, or swelling around a wound, or a sore throat. Diagnosis. Low neutrophil counts are detected on a full blood count. Generally, other investigations are required to arrive at the right diagnosis. When the diagnosis is uncertain, or serious causes are suspected, bone marrow biopsy is often necessary. Other investigations commonly performed: serial neutrophil counts for suspected cyclic neutropenia, tests for antineutrophil antibodies, autoantibody screen and investigations for systemic lupus erythematosus, vitamin B12 and folate assays and acidified serum (Ham's) test. Causes. Causes can be divided into the following groups: There is often a mild neutropenia in viral infections. Additionally, there is a
Human Torch The Human Torch is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is a founding member of the Fantastic Four. A similar, unrelated character of the same name and powers had been created in 1939 by writer-artist Carl Burgos for Marvel Comics' predecessor company, Timely Comics. Like the rest of the Fantastic Four, the Human Torch gained his powers on a spacecraft bombarded by cosmic rays. He can engulf his entire body in flames, is able to fly, can absorb fire harmlessly into his own body, and can control any nearby fire by sheer force of will. Flame on!, which the Torch customarily shouts when activating his full-body flame effect, has become his catchphrase. The youngest of the group, he is brash and impetuous in comparison to his reticient and compassionate sister, Susan Storm, his sensible brother-in-law, Reed Richards, and the grumbling Ben Grimm. In the early 1960s, he starred in a series of solo adventures, published in Strange Tales. He is also a friend and frequent ally of Spider-Man, who is approximately the same age as the Torch. Chris Evans portrayed him in the 2005 film Fantastic Four, and its 2007 sequel . Publication history. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in The Fantastic Four #1 (Nov. 1961). For some time, the Human Torch appeared as a regular character in a backup feature in the title Strange Tales. Fictional character biography. Early life. Growing up in Glenville, New York, a fictional Long Island suburban town, Jonathan Johnny Storm lost his mother due to a car accident from which his father, surgeon Franklin Storm, escaped unharmed. Franklin Storm spiraled into alcoholism and financial ruin, and was imprisoned after killing a loan shark in self-defense. Johnny Storm was then raised by his older sister, Sue Storm. At age 16, Johnny Storm joined his sister and her fiancee, Reed Richards, in a space flight in which cosmic radiation transformed those three and spacecraft pilot Ben Grimm into superpowered beings who would become the celebrated superhero team the Fantastic Four. Storm, now with the ability to become a flaming human with the power of flight and the ability to project flame, dubs himself the Human Torch, in tribute to the World War II-era hero of that name. In The Fantastic Four #4, it is the hotheaded
Northern Exposure Northern Exposure is an American television series that ran on CBS from 1990 to 1995, with a total of 110 episodes. It dealt with a New York physician, Dr. Joel Fleischman, who is sent to practice in the (fictional) town of Cicely, Alaska. Early episodes dealt with Fleischman's culture shock in the small town. As he got acclimated, more attention was paid to the town's quirky residents. Overview. The series was given a pair of consecutive Peabody Awards: in 1991–1992 for the show's depictin a comedic and often poetic way, [of the cultural clash between a transplanted New York City doctor and the townspeople of fictional Cicely, Alaska and its stories of people of different backgrounds and experiences clashing but who ultimately strive to accept their differences and co-exist. It received a total of 57 award nominations during its five-year run and won 27, including the 1992 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, two additional Primetime Emmy Awards, four Creative Arts Emmy Awards, and two Golden Globes. The series was created by Brand-Falsey Productions. Critic John Leonard called Northern Exposure the best of the best television in the past 10 years. Simon Pegg has stated that the series was one of the influences on the British sitcom Spaced. Northern Exposure has aired in South Africa under a different name; the first four seasons were broadcast in Afrikaans as Goeie Môre, Alaska!, Afrikaans for Good Morning, Alaska!. History. The show started as an eight-episode summer replacement series on CBS in 1990. It returned for seven more episodes in spring 1991, then became a regular part of the network's schedule in 1991–1992. It ranked among the top 10 viewed by 18 to 49 year-olds, and was part of the network's 1992–1993, and 1993–1994 schedules. Its last season, 1994–1995, included a gap during the May 1995 sweeps when CBS broadcast other programming. The show had a lot of life in it, and the move at 9pm killed it, says executive producer Andrew Schneider. This piddling out is sad. Northern Exposure first concentrated on the protagonist Joel Fleischman, with storylines revolving around his fish-out-of-water difficulties adjusting to Alaska, and his hot-and-cold romantic involvements with Maggie O'Connell. As Northern Exposure continued, supporting characters such as Chris, Ed, Holling, Shelly, Maurice, and Ruth-Anne (along with recurring characters such as Adam and Eve, Barbara Semanski, and Bernard) received more development. Rob Morrow (Joel
Xiph.Org Foundation Xiph.Org Foundation is a non-profit organization that produces free multimedia formats and software tools. It focuses on the Ogg family of formats, and the most successful one has been Vorbis, an open and freely licensed audio format and codec designed to compete with the patented MP3 and AAC. Current development work is focusing on Theora, an open and patent-free video format and codec designed to compete with the patented MPEG-4, RealVideo, and Windows Media Video. In addition to its in-house development work, the Foundation has also brought several already-existing but complementary free software projects under its aegis, most of which have a separate, active group of developers. These include Speex, an audio codec designed for speech, and FLAC, a lossless audio codec. The Xiph.Org Foundation has criticized Microsoft and the RIAA for their lack of openness. They state that if companies like Microsoft owned patents on the Internet, then other companies would try to compete, and The Net, as designed by warring corporate entities, would be a battleground of incompatible and expensive 'standards' had it actually survived at all. They also condemn the RIAA for their support of projects such as Secure Digital Music Initiative. In 2008 the Free Software Foundation listed the Xiph.Org projects as High Priority Free Software Projects. History. Chris Montgomery, creator of the Ogg container format, founded the Xiphophorus company and later the Xiph.Org Foundation. The first work that became the Ogg media projects started in 1994. The name Xiph abbreviates the original organizational name, Xiphophorus, named after the common swordtail fish, Xiphophorus hellerii. The name Xiphophorus company was used until 2002, when it was renamed to Xiph.Org Foundation. In 1999, the Xiphophorus company defined itself on its website as a distributed group of Free and Open Source programmers working to protect the foundations of Internet multimedia from domination by self-serving corporate interests. In 2002, the Xiph.Org Foundation defined itself on its website as a non-profit corporation dedicated to protecting the foundations of Internet multimedia from control by private interests. In March 2003, the Xiph.Org Foundation was recognized by the IRS as a 501(c)(3) Non-Profit Organization, which means that U.S. citizens can deduct donations made to Xiph.Org from their taxes.  
Sardine Sardines, or pilchards, are common names used to refer to various small, oily fish within the herring family of Clupeidae. The term sardine was first used in English during the early 15th century and may come from the Mediterranean island of Sardinia, around which sardines were once abundant. The terms sardine and pilchard are not precise, and what is meant depends on the region. The United Kingdom's Sea Fish Industry Authority, for example, classifies sardines as young pilchards. One criterion suggests fish shorter in length than are sardines, and larger ones pilchards. The FAO/WHO Codex standard for canned sardines cites 21 species that may be classed as sardines; FishBase, a comprehensive database of information about fish, calls at least six species pilchard, over a dozen just sardine, and many more with the two basic names qualified by various adjectives. Genera. Sardines occur in several genera Species. † There are four distinct stocks in the genus Sardinops, widely separated by geography. The FAO treats these stocks as though they are separate species, whereas FishBase treats them as though they are the same species, Sardinops sagax. Fisheries. Typically, sardines are caught with encircling nets, particularly purse seines. Many modifications of encircling nets are used, including traps or weirs. The latter are stationary enclosures composed of stakes into which schools of sardines are diverted as they swim along the coast. The fish are caught mainly at night, when they approach the surface to feed on plankton. After harvesting, the fish are submerged in brine while they are transported to shore. Sardines are commercially fished for a variety of uses: for bait; for immediate consumption; for drying, salting, or smoking; and for reduction into fish meal or oil. The chief use of sardines is for human consumption, but fish meal is used as animal feed, while sardine oil has many uses, including the manufacture of paint, varnish and linoleum. As food. Sardines are commonly consumed by humans. Fresh sardines are often grilled, pickled or smoked, or they are preserved in cans. Sardines are rich in vitamins and minerals. A small serving of sardines once a day can provide 13 percent of vitamin B2; roughly one-quarter of niacin; and about 150 percent of the recommended daily value of vitamin B12. All B vitamins help to support proper nervous system function and are used for energy metabolism, or converting food into energy. Also, sardines
Kala Namak Kala Namak (Bengali Biit lobon (বিট লবণ); Newari Be Chi; Nepali Birae Nun (बिरे नुन) ; Hindi काला नमक ; Urdu کالا نمک kālā namak; Gujarati સંચળ Sanchal; Tamil இந்துப்பு),ഇന്തുപ്പ്;malayalam also known as sulemani namak, black salt, kala loon or black Indian salt, is a salty and pungent-smelling condiment used in South Asia. The condiment is composed largely of sodium chloride with several impurities lending the salt its colour and smell. The smell is mainly due to its sulfur content. Due to the presence of Greigite (Fe3S4, Iron(II,III) sulfide) in the mineral, it forms brownish pink to dark violet translucent crystals when whole, and, when ground into a powder, it is light purple to pink in color. Production. The raw material for producing kala namak was originally obtained from natural halite from mines in Northern India and Pakistan in certain locations of the Himalayas salt ranges, or from salt harvested from the North Indian salt lakes of Sambhar or Didwana. Traditionally, the salt was transformed from its raw natural forms into commercially sold kala namak through a reductive chemical process that transforms some of the sodium sulphate in the raw salt into pungent hydrogen sulfide and sodium sulfide. This involves firing the raw salts in a furnace for 24 hours while sealed in a ceramic jar with charcoal along with small quantities of harad seeds, aamla, bahera, babul bark, or Sajji. The fired salt is then cooled, stored, and aged prior to sale. Kala namak is prepared in this manner in Northern India with production concentrated in the Hisar district, Haryana. The salt crystals appear black in colour, and are usually ground to a fine powder which is pink in colour. Although the kala namak can be produced from natural salts with the required impurities, it is common to now manufacture it synthetically. This is done through combining ordinary sodium chloride admixed with smaller quantities of sodium sulphate, sodium bisulphate and ferric sulphate, which is then chemically reduced with charcoal in a furnace. Reportedly, it is also possible to create similar products through reductive heat treatment of sodium chloride, 5-10 percent of sodium carbonate, sodium sulphate, and some sugar. Composition. Kala namak consists primarily of sodium chloride and trace impurities of sodium sulphate, sodium bisulfate, sodium bisulfite, sodium sulphide, Iron sulfide and hydrogen sulfide. Sodium chloride provides kala namak with its salty taste, iron sulphide provides its
Nine Worthies The Nine Worthies are nine historical, scriptural and legendary personages who personify the ideals of chivalry as were established in the Middle Ages. All are commonly referred to as 'Princes' in their own right, despite whatever true titles each man may have held. In French they are called Les Neuf Preux, meaning Nine Valiants, which term gives a slightly more focused idea of the sort of moral virtue they were deemed to represent so perfectly, that of soldierly courage and generalship. The study of the life of each would thus form a good education for the aspirant to chivalric status. In Italy they are i Nove Prodi. The Nine Worthies include three good pagans: Hector, Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar, three good Jews: Joshua, David and Judas Maccabeus, and three good Christians: King Arthur, Charlemagne and Godfrey of Bouillon. Origin. They were first described in the early fourteenth century, by Jacques de Longuyon in his Voeux du Paon (1312). Their selection, as Johan Huizinga pointed out, betrays a close connection with the romance genre of chivalry. Neatly divided into a triad of triads, these men were considered to be paragons of chivalry within their particular tradition: be it Pagan, Jewish, or Christian. Longuyon's choices soon became a common theme in the literature and art of the Middle Ages and earned a permanent place in the popular consciousness. The medieval craving for symmetry engendered female equivalents, the neuf preuses, who were sometimes added, though the women chosen varied. Eustache Deschamps selected a group of rather bizarre heroines selected from fiction and history, among them Penthesilea, Tomyris, Semiramis. Literature and suites of tapestry featured the full complement of eighteen, whose allegorical figures preceded King Henry VI of England in his triumphal royal entry to Paris, 1431. A tenth worthy was added by Deschamps, in the figure of Bertrand du Guesclin, the Breton knight to whom France owed recovery from the battles of Crécy (1346) and Poitiers (1356). Francis I of France still occasionally paraded himself at court dressed in the antique mode to identify himself also as one of the Neuf Preux. Symbolism. As a group, the nine worthies represents all facets of the perfectly chivalrous warrior. All, with the exception of Hector and arguably Arthur, are conquering heroes. Those not royal came from knightly families, it was thought. All lived in the pre-heraldic era and attributed arms
Random walk A random walk is a mathematical formalization of a path that consists of a succession of random steps. For example, the path traced by a molecule as it travels in a liquid or a gas, the search path of a foraging animal, the price of a fluctuating stock and the financial status of a gambler can all be modeled as random walks, although they may not be truly random in reality. The term random walk was first introduced by Karl Pearson in 1905. Random walks have been used in many fields: ecology, economics, psychology, computer science, physics, chemistry, and biology. Random walks explain the observed behaviors of processes in these fields, and thus serve as a fundamental model for the recorded stochastic activity. Various different types of random walks are of interest. Often, random walks are assumed to be Markov chains or Markov processes, but other, more complicated walks are also of interest. Some random walks are on graphs, others on the line, in the plane, or in higher dimensions, while some random walks are on groups. Random walks also vary with regard to the time parameter. Often, the walk is in discrete time, and indexed by the natural numbers, as in formula_1. However, some walks take their steps at random times, and in that case the position formula_2 is defined for the continuum of times formula_3. Specific cases or limits of random walks include the Lévy flight. Random walks are related to the diffusion models and are a fundamental topic in discussions of Markov processes. Several properties of random walks, including dispersal distributions, first-passage times and encounter rates, have been extensively studied. Lattice random walk. A popular random walk model is that of a random walk on a regular lattice, where at each step the location jumps to another site according to some probability distribution. In a simple random walk, the location can only jump to neighboring sites of the lattice. In simple symmetric random walk on a locally finite lattice, the probabilities of the location jumping to each one of its immediate neighbours are the same. The best studied example is of random walk on the d-dimensional integer lattice (sometimes called the hypercubic lattice) formula_4. One-dimensional random walk. An elementary example of a random walk is the random walk on the integer number line, formula_5, which starts at 0 and at each step moves +1
Duchy of Lancaster The Duchy of Lancaster is one of the two royal duchies in England, the other being the Duchy of Cornwall. It is held in trust for the Sovereign, and is used to provide income for the use of the British monarch. The Duchy of Cornwall provides income to the Prince of Wales. The duchy comprises , including key urban developments, historic buildings, and farm land in many parts of England and Wales, as well as large holdings in Lancashire. In the fiscal year of 2010, it was valued at £348 million. The Sovereign is not entitled to the capital of the portfolio or to capital profits. Revenue profits are distributed to the Sovereign, and are subject to income tax. The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is a Government Minister appointed by the Sovereign on the advice of the Prime Minister. The Chancellor is 'answerable to Parliament' for the running of the Duchy. In addition to holding land in Lancashire, the Duchy of Lancaster also exerts some powers and ceremonial duties of the Crown in Lancashire, Greater Manchester, Merseyside and the Furness area of Cumbria, which are all partly or entirely within the County Palatine of Lancashire. Since the Local Government Act 1972, the Duchy holds and exerts the right to appoint Sheriffs and Lords Lieutenant in the ceremonial counties of Greater Manchester, Merseyside and Lancashire, which include areas from the historic county boundaries of Cheshire and Yorkshire. History. The Duchy of Lancaster was created for John of Gaunt, a younger son of King Edward III of England, when John had acquired its constituent lands through marriage to the Lancaster heiress. As the Lancaster inheritance it goes back to 1265, when Henry III granted to his younger son, Edmund, lands forfeited by Simon de Montfort, Earl of Leicester. In 1266, the estates of Robert de Ferrers, 6th Earl of Derby, another of the protagonists in the Second Barons' War, were added. In 1267 the estate was formally granted as the County, Honour and Castle of Lancaster. In 1284 Edmund was given the Manor of Savoy by his mother, Queen Eleanor, the niece of the original grantee, Peter II, Count of Savoy. King Edward III raised Lancashire into a county palatine in 1351, and the holder, Henry of Grosmont, Edmund's grandson, was created Duke of Lancaster. After his death a charter of 1362 conferred the dukedom on
Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is, in modern times, a ministerial office in the government of the United Kingdom that includes as part of its duties, the administration of the estates and rents of the Duchy of Lancaster. The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is appointed by the Sovereign on the advice of the Prime Minister. The Chancellor is 'answerable to Parliament' for the running of the Duchy. However, the involvement of the Chancellor in the running of the day-to-day affairs of the Duchy is slight, and the office is held by a senior politician whose main role is something quite different. For example, as of 2013 the incumbent is Lord Hill of Oareford, who is also the Leader of the House of Lords. History. Originally, the Chancellor was the chief officer in the daily management of the Duchy of Lancaster and the County Palatine of Lancaster (a county palatine merged into the Crown in 1399), but that estate is now run by a deputy, leaving the Chancellor to serve in effect as an additional Minister without Portfolio. The position has often been given to a junior Cabinet minister with responsibilities in a particular area of policy for which there is no department with an appropriate portfolio. In 1491, the office of Vice-Chancellor was created. The position is now held by a judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court, who sits in the north-west, and no longer appointed to that position as legal officer of the Duchy. Modern times. In recent times, the Chancellor's duties (administrative, financial, and legal) have been said to occupy an average of one day a week. Under the Promissory Oaths Act 1868, the Chancellor is required to take the oath of allegiance and the Official Oath. The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is entitled to a salary under the Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975, but section 3 of the Act provides that the salary shall be reduced by the amount of the salary payable to him otherwise than out of moneys so provided in respect of his office. The Office of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is part of the Cabinet Office. Until recently, the holder of the title also served as one of the Ministers for the Cabinet Office. This was true of Alan Milburn, who was given
Dragonair Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Limited (Cantonese: 港龍航空有限公司 Pronunciation: gong2 lung4 hong4 hung1 jau5 haan6 gung1 si1), operating as Dragonair, is an international airline headquartered in Hong Kong; with its corporate headquarters, Dragonair House, and main hub at Hong Kong International Airport. As of 17 November 2012, The airline operates a scheduled passenger network to 37 destinations in 13 countries and territories across Asia. Additionally, the airline has 3 codeshares on routes which are served by partner airlines. It has an all Airbus fleet of 37 aircraft, consisting of A320s, A321s and A330s. Dragonair is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong's flag carrier, Cathay Pacific, and is an affiliate member of the Oneworld airline alliance. The airline was founded on 24 May 1985 by Chao Kuang Piu, the airline's present honorary chairman. Its maiden flight departed Hong Kong for Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia after being granted an air operator's certificate (AOC) by the Hong Kong Government in July 1985. In 2010, Dragonair, together with its parent, Cathay Pacific, operated over 138,000 flights, carried nearly 27 million passengers and over 1.80 billion kg of cargo and mail. History. Early beginning. The airline was established in Hong Kong on 24 May 1985 on the initiative of Kuang-Piu Chao, the airline's present honorary chairman, as a subsidiary of Hong Kong Macau International Investment Co. It started operations in July 1985 with a Boeing 737-200 service from Kai Tak International Airport to Kota Kinabalu International Airport in Malaysia, after receiving an Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) from the Hong Kong Government. The airline commenced services to Phuket, Thailand, as well as six secondary cities in mainland China on regular charter basis in 1986. In 1987, the airline became the first Hong Kong-based airline to join as an active member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA). Dragonair was the first local competitor for Hong Kong's largest airline, Cathay Pacific, in forty years; and since the airline's inception, Cathay Pacific fought vigorously to block the airline's flight-slot applications. In January 1987, the airline announced its expansion by the order of two long-range McDonnell Douglas MD-11 aircraft. However, after a heated hearing before Hong Kong's Air Transport Licensing Authority, the Hong Kong Government adopted a one route-one airline policy, which lasted until 2001. The airline was not able to gain the scheduled routes it needed to compete effectively. The airline was disadvantaged in that Hong Kong's
Sertab Erener Sertab Erener () (born 4 December 1964 in Istanbul) is a Turkish pop music singer and also a cross-over soprano with a vocal range that extends to high F. She is one of the most successful female Turkish pop singers in her homeland, and is considered one of the divas of Turkish pop music. In Europe, she is best known for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 with her hit song Every Way That I Can, although she has had many other achievements outside Turkey. Career. A native of Istanbul, Erener studied history of music in a university in the city before beginning her musical career working with Turkish music icon, Sezen Aksu. She released her first album, Sakin Ol, in 1992, and followed it with four more Turkish-language albums over the next decade. Her album Lâ'l was included by Sony Music in its Soundtrack for a Century collection. After competing unsuccessfully in two national Eurovision Song Contest finals in 1989 and 1990, she was internally selected in 2003 and won the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, representing Turkey with the song Every Way That I Can, co-written by Demir Demirkan. The song went on to top charts in countries all over Europe, including Sweden and Greece. In the wake of her Eurovision success, Erener released her first English-language album, No Boundaries, in 2004. Her renditions of Here I Am and Bob Dylan's One More Cup of Coffee were used in international movie soundtracks. One More Cup of Coffee was used in the soundtrack to Masked and Anonymous a semi-biopic of Bob Dylan. In 2005, Erener released a Turkish-language album named Aşk Ölmez, promoted with songs such as Aşk Ölmez, Biz Ölürüz (Love Doesn't Die, We Do) and Satılık Kalpler Şehri (City of Hearts For Sale). She also appeared on the movie soundtrack album of Fatih Akın's , with a lauded rendition of Madonna's song Music. On 22 October 2005, Erener appeared on Congratulations: 50 Years of the Eurovision Song Contest, a competition to choose the best Eurovision song of all time, performing the final verse and chorus of Every Way That I Can. The song finished ninth in a field of fifteen. At the same event, Erener revealed she was to release another English language album. In 2009, Sertab Erener and Demir Demirkan created a band called Painted on Water and they released a self-titled album in
Skyway In an urban setting, a skyway, catwalk, skybridge, or skywalk is a type of pedway consisting of an enclosed or covered bridge between two buildings. This protects pedestrians from the weather. These skyways are usually owned by businesses, and are therefore not public spaces (compare with sidewalk). However, in Asia, such as Bangkok's skywalks, they are built and owned separately by the city government, connecting between privately run rail stations or other transport with their own footbridges, and run many kilometers. Skyways usually connect on the first few floors above the ground-level floor, though they are sometimes much higher, as in Petronas Towers, SWFC, and Kingdom Centre. The space in the buildings connected by skyways is often devoted to retail business, so areas around the skyway may operate as a shopping mall. Non-commercial areas with closely associated buildings, such as university campuses, can often have skyways and/or tunnels connecting buildings. The world's largest skyway network – Calgary, Alberta's +15 Walkway system – has a total length of . However, the system is discontinuous, and it does not connect every downtown building. The largest continuous network of skyways – the Minneapolis Skyway System – spans connecting 69 blocks in downtown Minneapolis. Other cities in the Midwest, such as Des Moines, Cedar Rapids, Rochester, and Saint Paul also have significant skyway systems. On a smaller scale, terminals of large airports are often connected by skywalk systems, as at Manchester Airport, United Kingdom. The Mumbai Skywalk Project is a discontinuous system of 50 skywalks planned in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, each 1 to 2 km in length. When completed, the system will be the largest skyway system in the world. The first of these is a 1.3 km (0.8 mi) long skywalk connecting the suburban regions of Bandra and Kurla. Some cities have the equivalent of a skyway underground, and many locales have mixed subway/skyway systems; see underground city. Environmental factors. Besides pedestrian safety and convenience, the chief reasons assigned by urban planners for skywalk development are decrease of traffic congestion, reduction in vehicular air pollution and separation of people from vehicular noise. A number of cities (for example, Spokane, Washington) have given intricate analysis to skywalk systems employing computer models to optimize skywalk layout. List of cities with notable systems. More cities and details: Montgomery, Michael R. and Richard Bean, Market failure, government failure, and the private supply of public
Court Line Court Line Aviation was a prominent British holiday charter airline during the early 1970s based at Luton Airport in Bedfordshire. It also provided bus services in Luton and surrounding areas. It helped pioneer the concept of cheap and cheerful package tours to Spain and other destinations in the Med in conjunction with Clarksons Holidays, thus taking part in the establishment of a whole new way of holidaymaking for the British public. The airline, its parent company and its subsidiary tour operators, Clarksons Travel Group and Horizon Travel, ceased trading on 15 August 1974, with at least £7 million owing to 100,000 holidaymakers. History. Autair. The airline, originally named Argus Air Transport, was formed at London Luton Airport in 1957. In 1960, it became Autair (Luton). On 27 September 1963, it changed to Autair International Airways. Autair started as a division of Autair Helicopters, a helicopter operator established in the early 1950s. (Autair's helicopter interests were subsequently hived off into a separate company.) It began public transport operations with an ex-British European Airways (BEA) Douglas DC-3, used on contract work for other airlines. More DC-3s and Vickers Vikings were bought. The first of the latter joined the fleet in 1962. Both types operated freight and passenger services, including a growing number of inclusive tour (IT) flights. One of the earliest charter customers for Autair's DC-3s was ex-naval officer Tom Gullick, who would later head Clarksons. (Clarksons began its relationship with Autair by contracting the airline's Vikings to ferry day-trippers between up to ten UK departure points and Rotterdam during the Dutch bulbfield season.) Airspeed Ambassadors and a leased Handley Page Herald were introduced in 1963. The former were the airline's first pressurised aircraft while the latter was its first turboprop. On 1 October 1963, the airline commenced scheduled services between Blackpool and Luton with Vikings. The route was subsequently operated with Ambassadors and extended to Glasgow on 24 May 1966. In the following years, all piston-engined aircraft types were withdrawn and replaced with Hawker Siddeley 748 and Handley Page Herald turboprops. Three Heralds operated the company's scheduled services, including the main London—Teesside route. 1964 saw the formation of Clarksons Tours (later, Clarksons Holidays) with Tom Gullick as managing director. Over the next few years, Clarksons would become Autair's and its successor Court Line's most important tour operator customer. In April 1965, Court Line — a shipping company that
Elizabeth Berkley Elizabeth Berkley Lauren (born July 28, 1972) is an American television, film, and theater actress. Berkley's most notable roles were in the television series Saved by the Bell, as brainy feminist Jessie Spano, and the 1995 Paul Verhoeven film Showgirls, as exotic stripper Nomi Malone. Early life. Berkley was born and raised in Farmington Hills, a community located among Detroit's northern suburbs in Oakland County, Michigan. She is the daughter of Jere, a gift basket business owner, and Fred Berkley, a lawyer. Her family is Jewish. Berkley was born with heterochromia, the condition of differently colored irises, so that her right eye is half green and half brown, and her left eye is all green. She graduated in 1990 from North Farmington High School in Farmington Hills after previously having attended the Cranbrook Kingswood School, a private school in Bloomfield Hills. From a young age she danced, and she practiced in a room that her parents arranged for her in the basement of their house. In 1982 at age ten she auditioned for the lead role in the film Annie, but was turned down. As her love for dancing increased, she became more interested in pursuing it professionally, traveling to New York to train with other dancers and choreographers. She began to take part in several ballets, including Swan Lake and in 1983 she appeared in some musicals. Career. Berkley was a teen model for Elite before pursuing an acting career. She made her television film debut in 1987 with a role in the television film Frog and following this, made a number of guest appearances on several television shows. In 1989, at the age of seventeen, she auditioned for the role of Kelly Kapowski in Saved by the Bell, but the producers of the show could not decide whether to cast her or Tiffani Thiessen. In the end, they created for Berkley the character Jessie Spano, a role she played from 1989 to 1993, as well as in both of the show's television film installments. After leaving Saved by the Bell to try to break into film, Berkley auditioned for (and won) the role of Nomi Malone, a character in the infamous 1995 Paul Verhoeven film Showgirls. The sex- and nudity-laden film was given a controversial NC-17 rating in the United States (the first big budget film that was deliberately intended to receive this rating), was
Western grey kangaroo The western grey kangaroo (Macropus fuliginosus) is a large and very common kangaroo or macropod, found across almost the entire southern part of Australia, from just south of Shark Bay to coastal South Australia, western Victoria, and the entire Murray–Darling Basin in New South Wales and Queensland. The subspecies on Kangaroo Island, South Australia, is known as the Kangaroo Island kangaroo. Description. The western grey kangaroo is one of the largest kangaroos in Australia. It weighs 28–54 kg and its length is 0.84–1.1m with a 80–100 cm tail, standing approximately 1.3m tall. It exhibits sexual dimorphism with the male up to twice the size of female. It has thick, coarse fur with colour ranging from pale grey to brown; its throat, chest and belly have a paler colour. It feeds at night, mainly on grasses but also on leafy shrubs and low trees. It has a nickname stinker because mature males have a distinctive curry-like odour. The kangaroo lives in groups of up to 15. The males compete for females during the breeding season. During these boxing contests, they would lock arms and try to push each other over. Usually, only the dominant male in the group mates. The gestation period is 30–31 days, after which, the baby joey attaches to the teat in the pouch for 130–150 days. Classification. Long known to the Aboriginal people of Australia, for Europeans, the western grey was the centre of a great deal of sometimes comical taxonomic confusion for almost 200 years. It was first noted by European settlers when the great explorer Matthew Flinders landed on Kangaroo Island in 1802. Flinders shot several for food but assumed that they were eastern grey kangaroos. In 1803 French explorers captured several Kangaroo Island western greys and shipped them home to Paris, where they lived in the zoological gardens for some years. Eventually, researchers at the Paris Museum of Natural History recognised that these animals were indeed different and formally described the species as Macropus fuliginosus in 1817. Unfortunately, for reasons that remain unclear, it was described as native to Tasmania. There the matter rested for over 100 years, and it was not until 1917 that researchers realised that the forester kangaroo of Tasmania was in fact Macropus giganteus, the same eastern grey kangaroo that was, and still is, widespread in the more fertile south-eastern part of the mainland. By 1971,
Vulnerability scanner A vulnerability scanner is a computer program designed to assess computers, computer systems, networks or applications for weaknesses. There are a number of types of vulnerability scanners available today, distinguished from one another by a focus on particular targets. While functionality varies between different types of vulnerability scanners, they share a common, core purpose of enumerating the vulnerabilities present in one or more targets. Vulnerability scanners are a core technology component of vulnerability management. Types of Vulnerability Scanners. Friendly types of vulnerability scanners: Network reconnaissance. A vulnerability scanner can be used to conduct network reconnaissance, which is typically carried out by a remote attacker attempting to gain information or access to a network on which it is not authorized or allowed. Network reconnaissance is increasingly used to exploit network standards and automated communication methods. The aim is to determine what types of computers are present, along with additional information about those computers—such as the type and version of the operating system. This information can be analyzed for known or recently discovered vulnerabilities that can be exploited to gain access to secure networks and computers. Network reconnaissance is possibly one of the most common applications of passive data analysis. Early generation techniques, such as TCP/IP passive fingerprinting, have accuracy issues that tended to make it ineffective. Today, numerous tools exist to make reconnaissance easier and more effective. Programs. W3af is also a network security Scanner  
Erwin Chargaff Erwin Chargaff (11 August 1905 – 20 June 2002) was an Austrian biochemist who emigrated to the United States during the Nazi era and was a Professor of biochemistry at Columbia University medical school. Through careful experimentation, Chargaff discovered two rules that helped lead to the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA. Chargaff had one son, Thomas, with his wife Vera Broido, whom he married in 1928. Chargaff became an American citizen in 1940. Early life. Chargaff was born in Czernowitz on 11 August 1905, Bukowina, Austria-Hungary, which is now Chernivtsi, Ukraine. From 1924 to 1928, Chargaff studied chemistry in Vienna, and earned a doctorate working under the direction of Fritz Feigl. From 1928 to 1930, Chargaff served as the Milton Campbell Research Fellow in organic chemistry at Yale University, but he did not like New Haven, Connecticut. Chargaff returned to Europe, where he lived from 1930 to 1934, serving first as the assistant in charge of chemistry for the department of bacteriology and public health at the University of Berlin (1930–1933), and then, being forced to resign his position in Germany, as a result of the Nazi policies against Jews, as a research associate at the Pasteur Institute in Paris (1933–1934). Columbia University. Chargaff immigrated to New York in 1935, taking a position as a research associate in the department of biochemistry at Columbia University, where he spent most of his professional career. Chargaff became an assistant professor in 1938 and a professor in 1952. After serving as department chair from 1970 to 1974, Chargaff retired to professor emeritus. After his retirement as professor emeritus, Chargaff moved his lab to Roosevelt Hospital, where he continued to work until his retirement in 1992. During his time at Columbia, Chargaff published numerous scientific papers, dealing primarily with the study of nucleic acids such as DNA using chromatographic techniques. He became interested in DNA in 1944 after Oswald Avery identified the molecule as the basis of heredity. In 1952, he discovered that the amounts of adenine and thymine in DNA were roughly the same, as were the amounts of cytosine and guanine. This later became known as the third of Chargaff's rules. Chargaff's rules. Erwin Chargaff proposed two main rules in his lifetime which were appropriately named Chargaff's rules. The first and best known achievement was to show that in natural DNA the number of guanine units
Shakeel Badayuni Shakeel Badayuni (Hindi: शकील बदायुनी, Urdu: شکیل بدایونی) (August 3, 1916 – April 20, 1970) was an Indian Urdu poet, lyricist and songwriter in Hindi films. Early life. Shakeel Badayuni was born in Badayun, Uttar Pradesh. His father, Mohammed Jamaal Ahmed Sokhta Qadiri, wanted him to have a good career, thus he arranged Arabic, Urdu, Persian, and Hindi tuition for Shakeel at home. His inclination towards poetry was not hereditary like other shayars. One of his distant relatives, Zia-ul-Qadiri Badayuni, was a religious shayar. Shakeel was influenced by him and the contemporary environment of Badayun led him to Sher-o-Shayari. When he joined Aligarh Muslim University in 1936, he started participating in inter-college, inter-university mushairas and won frequently. In 1940, he married Salma, who was his distant relative and had been living in a common house with him since childhood, however, the purdah system was vogue in their family and they were not close. After completing his B.A., he moved to Delhi as a supply officer, but continued participating in mushairas, earning fame nation-wide. Those were the days of shayars who wrote about the downtrodden sections of society, their upliftment, the betterment of society and all. But Shakeel had an altogether different taste - his poetry was romantic and close to the heart. Shakeel used to say: During Aligarh days, Shakeel Badauni started getting lessons of Urdu poetry from Hakim Abdul Waheed 'Ashk' Bijnori. Career. Shakeel moved to Bombay in 1944 to write songs for films. He met film producer, A.R. Kardar and music composer, Naushad Ali who asked him to sum up his poetic skills in one line. Shakeel wrote, Hum dard Ka Afsana Duniya Ko Suna Denge, Har Dil Main Mohabbat Ki Ek aag Laga Daingay. Naushad immediately signed him for Kardar's film, Dard (1947). The songs of Dard proved to be very successful especially Uma Devi (Tun Tun)'s Afsana Likh Rahi Hoon. Only a few are so lucky that they attain success in their first film, but Shakeel deserved success which started with Dard and continued on over the years. Together, he and Naushad became one of the most sought after composer/lyricist duos in the industry. Among the scores they churned out together, are those of Baiju Bawra (1952), Mother India (1957), and Mughal-e-Azam (1960), that stand out. Other films they scored together include Dulari (1949), Shabab (1954), Ganga Jamuna (1961), and Mere Mehboob (1963).
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) is a combat support agency of the United States Department of Defense with the primary mission of collecting, analyzing, and distributing geospatial intelligence (GEOINT) in support of national security. NGA was formerly known as the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (NIMA). In addition, NGA is a key component of the United States Intelligence Community. NGA headquarters is located in Springfield, Virginia, and operates major facilities in the St. Louis, Missouri area, as well as support and liaison offices worldwide. The NGA was headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland until 2011, when NGA consolidated many of its regional activities as part of the Base Realignment and Closure into a new campus near Ft. Belvoir in Fairfax County, Virginia. The NGA campus, at 2.3 million square feet (214,000 m2), is the third-largest government building in the Washington Metropolitan Area, and its atrium is spacious enough to hold the Statue of Liberty. Its budget is classified but according to data leaked by Edward Snowden, in 2013 the organization received at least $4.9 billion. The NGA was credited by White House and military officials with providing critical information in support of Operation Neptune's Spear on May 2, 2011, in which the United States military raided a secret compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, and killed Osama Bin Laden. History. U.S. mapping and charting efforts remained relatively unchanged until World War I, when aerial photography became a major contributor to battlefield intelligence. Using stereo viewers, photointerpreters reviewed thousands of images. Many of these were of the same target at different angles and times, giving rise to what became modern imagery analysis and mapmaking. Engineer Reproduction Plant (ERP). The Engineer Reproduction Plant was the Army Corps of Engineers's first attempt to centralize mapping production, printing, and distribution. It was located on the grounds of the Army War College in Washington, D.C. Prior to this time, topographic mapping was largely a function of individual field engineer units using field surveying techniques or copying existing or captured products. In addition, ERP assumed the supervision and maintenance of the War Department Map Collection effective April 1, 1939. Army Map Service (AMS) / U.S. Army Topographic Command (USATC). With the advent of the Second World War aviation, field surveys began giving way to photogrammetry, photo interpretation, and geodesy. During wartime, it became increasingly possible to compile maps with minimal field work. Out of this emerged
Panchatantra The Panchatantra (IAST: Pañcatantra, , 'Five Principles') is an ancient Indian inter-related collection of animal fables in verse and prose, in a frame story format. The original Sanskrit work, which some scholars believe was composed in the 3rd century BCE, is attributed to Vishnu Sharma. It is based on older oral traditions, including animal fables that are as old as we are able to imagine. It is certainly the most frequently translated literary product of India, and these stories are among the most widely known in the world. To quote : Thus it goes by many names in many cultures. In India, it had at least 25 recensions, including the Sanskrit Tantrākhyāyikā () and inspired the Hitopadesha. It was translated into Middle Persian in 570 CE by Borzūya. This became the basis for a Syriac translation as Kalilag and Damnag and a translation into Arabic in 750 CE by Persian scholar Abdullah Ibn al-Muqaffa as Kalīlah wa Dimnah (). A New Persian version from the 12th century became known as Kalīleh o Demneh () and this was the basis of Kashefi's 15th century Anvār-e Soheylī (, 'The Lights of Canopus'). The book in different form is also known as The Fables of Bidpai (or Pilpai, in various European languages) or The Morall Philosophie of Doni (English, 1570). Content. The Panchatantra is an inter-woven series of colourful fables, many of which involve animals exhibiting animal stereotypes. According to its own narrative, it illustrates, for the benefit of three ignorant princes, the central Hindu principles of nīti. While nīti is hard to translate, it roughly means prudent worldly conduct, or the wise conduct of life. Apart from a short introduction — in which the author, Vishnu Sharma, is introduced as narrating the rest of the work to the princes — it consists of five parts. Each part contains a main story, called the frame story, which in turn contains several stories emboxed in it, as one character narrates a story to another. Often these stories contain further emboxed stories. The stories thus operate like a succession of Russian dolls, one narrative opening within another, sometimes three or four deep. Besides the stories, the characters also quote various epigrammatic verses to make their point. The five books are called: Indian version. In the first book, a friendship arises between the lion Piṅgalaka, the king of the forest, and Sañjīvaka, a bull.
Colgate-Palmolive The Colgate-Palmolive Company is an American multinational consumer products company focused on the production, distribution and provision of household, health care and personal products, such as soaps, detergents, and oral hygiene products (including toothpaste and toothbrushes). Under its Hill's brand, it is also a manufacturer of veterinary products. The company's corporate offices are on Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. History. In 1806, William Colgate, an English soap and candle maker, opened up a starch, soap and candle factory on Dutch Street in New York City under the name of William Colgate & Company. In 1833, he suffered a severe heart attack, stopping his business from selling. But after a couple of years of recovery he continued with his business. In the 1840s, the firm began selling individual cakes of soap in uniform weights. In 1857, William Colgate died and the company was reorganized as Colgate & Company under the management of Samuel Colgate, his son, who did not want to continue the business but thought it would be the right thing to do. In 1872, Colgate introduced Cashmere Bouquet, a perfumed soap. In 1873, the firm introduced its first toothpaste, an aromatic toothpaste sold in jars. His company sold the first toothpaste in a tube, Colgate Ribbon Dental Cream (invented by the dentist Washington Sheffield), in 1896. In 1896, Colgate hired Martin Ittner and under his direction founded one of the first applied research labs. By 1908 they initiated mass selling of toothpaste in tubes. His other son, James Boorman Colgate, was a primary trustee of Colgate University (formerly Madison University). In Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the B.J. Johnson Company was making a soap entirely of palm oil and olive oil, the formula of which was developed by B.J. Johnson in 1898. The soap was popular enough to rename their company after it - Palmolive. Around the start of the 20th century Palmolive, which contained both palm and olive oils, was the world's best-selling soap. Extensive advertising included the radio programs The Palmolive Hour (1927-1931) and Palmolive Beauty Box Theater (1934-1937). A Missouri-based soap manufacturer known as Peet Brothers merged with Palmolive to become Palmolive-Peet. In 1928, Palmolive-Peet bought the Colgate Company to create the Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company. In 1953 Peet was dropped from the title, leaving only Colgate-Palmolive Company, the current name. Colgate-Palmolive has long been in fierce competition with Procter & Gamble, the world's largest soap
Boredom Boredom is an emotional state experienced when an individual is left without anything in particular to do, and not interested in their surroundings. The first recorded use of the word boredom is in the novel Bleak House by Charles Dickens, written in 1852, in which it appears six times, although the expression to be a bore had been used in the sense of to be tiresome or dull since 1768. The French term for boredom, ennui, is sometimes used in English as well. Psychology. Boredom has been defined by C. D. Fisher in terms of its main central psychological processes: “an unpleasant, transient affective state in which the individual feels a pervasive lack of interest and difficulty concentrating on the current activity.” M. R. Leary, as well as others, they describe boredom as “an affective experience associated with cognitive attentional processes.” In positive psychology, boredom is described as a response to a moderate challenge for which the subject has more than enough skill. There are three types of boredom, all of which involve problems of engagement of attention. These include times when we are prevented from engaging in wanted activity, when we are forced to engage in unwanted activity, or when we are simply unable for no apparent reason to maintain engagement in any activity or spectacle. Boredom proneness is a tendency to experience boredom of all types. This is typically assessed by the Boredom Proneness Scale. Recent research has found that boredom proneness is clearly and consistently associated with failures of attention. Boredom and its proneness are both theoretically and empirically linked to depression and similar symptoms. Nonetheless, boredom proneness has been found to be as strongly correlated with attentional lapses as with depression. Although boredom is often viewed as a trivial and mild irritant, proneness to boredom has been linked to a very diverse range of possible psychological, physical, educational, and social problems. Philosophy. Boredom is a condition characterized by perception of one's environment as dull, tedious, and lacking in stimulation. This can result from leisure and a lack of aesthetic interests. Labor, however, and even art may be alienated and passive, or immersed in tedium. There is an inherent anxiety in boredom; people will expend considerable effort to prevent or remedy it, yet in many circumstances, it is accepted as suffering to be endured. Common passive ways to escape boredom are to sleep or to
Canopic jar Canopic jars were used by the Ancient Egyptians during the mummification process to store and preserve the viscera of their owner for the afterlife. They were commonly either carved from limestone or were made of pottery. These jars were used by Ancient Egyptians from the time of the Old Kingdom up until the time of the Late Period or the Ptolemaic Period, by which time the viscera were simply wrapped and placed with the body. The viscera were not kept in a single canopic jar: each jar was reserved for specific organs. The name canopic reflects the mistaken association by early Egyptologists with the Greek legend of Canopus. Canopic jars of the Old Kingdom were rarely inscribed, and had a plain lid. In the Middle Kingdom inscriptions became more usual, and the lids were often in the form of human heads. By the Nineteenth dynasty each of the four lids depicted one of the four sons of Horus, as guardians of the organs. Use and design. The canopic jars were four in number, each for the safekeeping of particular human organs: the stomach, intestines, lungs, and liver, all of which, it was believed, would be needed in the afterlife. There was no jar for the heart: the Egyptians believed it to be the seat of the soul, and so it was left inside the body. The design of canopic jars changed over time. The oldest date from the Eleventh or the Twelfth dynasty, and are made of stone or wood. The last jars date from the New Kingdom. In the Old Kingdom the jars had plain lids, though by the First Intermediate Period jars with human heads (assumed to represent the dead) began to appear. Sometimes the covers of the jars were modeled after (or painted to resemble) the head of Anubis, the god of death and embalming. By the late Eighteenth dynasty canopic jars had come to feature the four sons of Horus. Many sets of jars survive from this period, in alabaster, aragonite, calcareous stone, and blue or green glazed porcelain. The sons of Horus were also the gods of the cardinal compass points. Each god was responsible for protecting a particular organ, and was himself protected by a companion goddess. They were: Early canopic jars were placed inside a canopic chest and buried in tombs together with the sarcophagus of the dead. Later, they
Appeal to ridicule Appeal to ridicule (also called appeal to mockery or the horse laugh), is an informal fallacy which presents an opponent's argument as absurd, ridiculous, or in any way humorous, to the specific end of a foregone conclusion that the argument lacks any substance which would merit consideration. Appeal to ridicule is often found in the form of comparing a nuanced circumstance or argument to a laughably commonplace occurrence or to some other irrelevancy on the basis of comedic timing, wordplay, or making an opponent and their argument the object of a joke. This is a rhetorical tactic that mocks an opponent's argument or standpoint, attempting to inspire an emotional reaction (making it a type of appeal to emotion) in the audience and to highlight any counter-intuitive aspects of that argument, making it appear foolish and contrary to common sense. This is typically done by making a mockery of the argument's foundation that represents it in an uncharitable and overly simplified way. In a classroom setting the teacher might use facial gestures, funny faces, big smiles, laughing out loud, rolling of the eyes, or even hand gestures to make a mockery of a student's claim that they oppose. A teacher has authority which allows them to gain the laughter and support of the majority, that one student cannot easily defend against. Name calling might also reinforce the ridicule, with claims that the person is silly. The appeal to ridicule can occur with statements such as these: Oh really? Come on! You cannot be serious. You must be joking. Very funny. The teacher or speaker might also employ funny gestures that poke fun at or imply that the idea is a bit crazy. Cartoons often portray the situation or debate as funny or absurd in some way. There are many non verbal ways to poke fun at someone.  
Appetite Appetite is the desire to eat food, felt as hunger. Appetite exists in all higher life-forms, and serves to regulate adequate energy intake to maintain metabolic needs. It is regulated by a close interplay between the digestive tract, adipose tissue and the brain. Appetite has a relationship with every individual's behavior. Appetitive and consummatory behaviours are the only processes that involve energy intake, whereas all other behaviours affect the release of energy. When stressed, appetite levels may increase and result in an increase of food intake. Decreased desire to eat is termed anorexia, while polyphagia (or hyperphagia) is increased eating. Dysregulation of appetite contributes to anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, cachexia, overeating, and binge eating disorder. Physiological factors. Cannon and Washburn (1912) proposed that eating begins when we have an empty stomach. They suggest that the walls of an empty stomach rub against each other to produce what are commonly called hunger pangs. Some skeptics called Cannon's explanation of hunger the rumble theory. However, observations of surgical patients indicated that there was more to the onset of eating than hunger pangs. Removal of the stomach did not abolish hunger pangs, and these patients reported the same feelings of hunger and satiety that they had experienced before surgery (Inglefinger, 1944). (The patients had had their stomachs removed because of cancer or large ulcers, and their esophagi had been attached directly to their small intestines). Although the patients ate small, frequent meals because they had no stomachs to hold food, their reports of feelings of hunger and their total food intake were essentially normal. Depletion of the body's store of nutrients is a more likely cause of hunger. The primary fuels for the cells of our body are glucose (a simple sugar) and fatty acids (compounds produced by the breakdown of fats). If the digestive system contains food, these nutrients are absorbed in the blood and nourish our cells. But the digestive tract is sometimes empty; in fact, it is empty when we wake up every morning. There must be a reservoir that stores nutrients to keep the cells of the body nourished when the gut is empty. Indeed, there are two reservoirs: a short-term reservoir and a long-term reservoir. The short-term reservoir stores carbohydrates and the long-term reservoir stores fat. A number of variables have been found to relate to appetite sensation in individuals. The most influential of these is
Sequence analysis In bioinformatics, the term sequence analysis refers to the process of subjecting a DNA, RNA or peptide sequence to any of a wide range of analytical methods to understand its features, function, structure, or evolution. Methodologies used include sequence alignment, searches against biological databases, and others. Since the development of methods of high-throughput production of gene and protein sequences, the rate of addition of new sequences to the databases increased exponentially. Such a collection of sequences does not, by itself, increase the scientist's understanding of the biology of organisms. However, comparing these new sequences to those with known functions is a key way of understanding the biology of an organism from which the new sequence comes. Thus, sequence analysis can be used to assign function to genes and proteins by the study of the similarities between the compared sequences. Nowadays, there are many tools and techniques that provide the sequence comparisons (sequence alignment) and analyze the alignment product to understand its biology. Sequence analysis in molecular biology includes a very wide range of relevant topics: In chemistry, sequence analysis comprises techniques used to do determine the sequence of a polymer formed of several monomers. In molecular biology and genetics, the same process is called simply sequencing. In marketing, sequence analysis is often used in analytical customer relationship management applications, such as NPTB models (Next Product to Buy). History. Since the very first sequences of the insulin protein was characterised by Fred Sanger in 1951 biologists have been trying to use this knowledge to understand the function of molecules. According to Michael Levitt sequence analysis was born in the period from 1969-1977. In 1969 the analysis of sequences of transfer RNAs were used to infer residue interactions from correlated changes in the nucleotide sequences giving rise to a model of the tRNA secondary structure. In 1970, Saul B. Needleman and Christian D. Wunsch published the first computer algorithm for aligning two sequences. Over this time developments in obtaining nucleotide sequence greatly improved leading to the publication of the first complete genome of a bacteriophage in 1977. Sequence Alignment. There are millions of protein and nucleotide sequences known. These sequences fall into many groups of related sequences known as protein families or gene families. Relationships between these sequences are usually discovered by aligning them together and assigning this alignment a score. There are two main types of sequence alignment.
Koryū Description of Koryū. This term literally translates as old school (ko—old, ryū—school) or traditional school. Koryū is also a general term for Japanese schools of martial arts that predate the Meiji Restoration (1868) which sparked major socio-political changes and led to the modernization of Japan. The system of koryū is considered in following priorities order: 1) combat, 2) discipline 3) morals. Description of Kobudō. The system of kobudō is considered in following priorities order: 1) morals, 2) discipline 3) aesthetic form. Distinction. Some organisations, for example All Japan Kendo Federation, mix the term kobudō 古武道 together with the term ko-ryū 古流 while some societies, for example International Hoplology Society, makes a distinction between kobudō and ko-ryū concerned the origin and the difference between the ranking of priorities concerning combat, morals, discipline and/or aesthetic form. Okinawan kobudō. Kobudō must not to be confused with Okinawan kobudō which may be used to describe collectively all Okinawan combative systems. These are entirely different and basically unrelated systems. The use of the term kobudō should not be limited, as it popularly is, to the describing of the ancient weapons systems of Okinawa. Han. During the feudal period of Japanese history, many koryū schools were the otome-ryū (literally, that which flows but remains at home) of the han (domain). Being an otome-ryū entailed that the heads of these ryū (schools) would get a rice stipends from the han's total koku (a unit of measurement used to calculate rice revenues and used to measure the relative wealth of a han) in exchange for training the samurai of the han. However, there were exceptions to being funded by a specific han, and many ryū were never or only partially supported by a han. For example, Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū was solely supported by donations from local landed bushi and was never attached to a specific domain. Likewise, Maniwa Nen-ryū was founded and supported by the peasant farmers of Maniwa village in Gunma Prefecture, as a means of village protection. A third example is Kashima Shin-ryū which took its name from a famous Shinto shrine which would acquire funds to support itself from taxing the activities associated with lands owned or regulated by the temple, as well as serving as hereditary guardians of the Kashima Shrine. These kinds of arrangements therefore allowed the heads of schools to devote themselves full-time to teaching in the schools, while
London Weekend Television London Weekend Television (LWT) (now part of ITV London) was the ITV network franchise holder for Greater London and the Home Counties at weekends, broadcasting from Fridays at 5:15pm (prior to 1982 at 7:00pm) to Monday mornings at 6:00am. London Weekend Television is no longer individually identified on air, and uses the generic ITV logo for continuity announcements (the announcement of the next programme and forthcoming ones), and as a banner during commercial advertising breaks. The official name for London Weekend Television is now ITV London (Weekends). The company is managed with Carlton Television as a single entity (ITV London), but the two companies are still separately licensed. The franchise is currently operated by ITV plc under the licensee of ITV Broadcasting Limited. In its original guise, LWT was used as an on-air brand from July 1968 until October 2002 when it became part of ITV London. Early years. Creation. The London Television Consortium (LTC) was created and led by television presenter David Frost, who at the time was working for the London weekday ITV station, Rediffusion. The consortium also consisted of three ex-BBC members of staff: Michael Peacock (controller of BBC1), Frank Muir (assistant head of BBC comedy) and Doreen Stephens (head of children's output). Rediffusion's Controller of Programmes, Cyril Bennett, also joined the consortium along with Clive Irving, theatre director Peter Hall and, for financial backing, Arnold Weinstock, managing director of GEC. Frost had originally considered applying for the new Yorkshire region franchise but the expected high number of applicants led to a change of plans. The second choice was to take on Rediffusion for their contract but although it held the largest and most profitable licence it was felt that the company was too powerful to challenge; equally as an employee of the station he felt it would be seen as an act of betrayal. Changes elsewhere in the system (notably the decision to make the Midlands licence a seven-day operation) led Frost to believe that the existing Midlands weekday broadcaster ATV had a significant risk of losing its' London weekend contract. The consortium's application promised a variety of high-brow arts and drama productions. It accordingly caught the attention of the regulator, the Independent Television Authority (ITA), and it seemed to address concerns and criticisms raised in the Pilkington Report. The authority had been worried by criticism of the network's output, which was
Wharfedale Wharfedale is one of the Yorkshire Dales in England. It is the upper valley of the River Wharfe. Towns and villages in Wharfedale (in order, travelling downstream, from west to east) include Buckden, Kettlewell, Conistone, Grassington, Hebden, Ilkley, Burley-in-Wharfedale, Otley, Pool-in-Wharfedale, Arthington, Collingham, and Wetherby. Beyond Wetherby the valley opens out, and becomes part of the Vale of York. The section from the river's source to around Addingham is known as Upper Wharfedale and lies in North Yorkshire and in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. The first fifteen miles or so is known as Langstrothdale, including the settlements of Beckermonds, Yockenthwaite and Hubberholme, famous for its church, the resting place of the writer J. B. Priestley. As it turns southwards, the Wharfe then runs through a green and lush valley, characterised by limestone outcrops, such as Kilnsey Crag, and woodland, generally quite unusual in the Dales. Below Addingham the dale broadens and turns to the east. This section is shared between North Yorkshire and West Yorkshire, and includes the towns of Ilkley, Otley and Wetherby. The Yorkshire Dales Rivers Trust has a remit to conserve the ecological condition of Wharefdale, Wensleydale, Swaledale and Nidderdale catchments from their headwaters to the Humber estuary.  
Frequency distribution In statistics, a frequency distribution is an arrangement of the values that one or more variables take in a sample. Each entry in the table contains the frequency or count of the occurrences of values within a particular group or interval, and in this way, the table summarizes the distribution of values in the sample. Univariate frequency tables. A different tabulation scheme aggregates values into bins such that each bin encompasses a range of values. For example, the heights of the students in a class could be organized into the following frequency table. A frequency distribution shows us a summarized grouping of data divided into mutually exclusive classes and the number of occurrences in a class. It is a way of showing unorganized data e.g. to show results of an election, income of people for a certain region, sales of a product within a certain period, student loan amounts of graduates, etc. Some of the graphs that can be used with frequency distributions are histograms, line graphs, bar charts and pie charts. Frequency distributions are used for both qualitative and quantitative data. Joint frequency distributions. Bivariate joint frequency distributions are often presented as (two-way) contingency tables: The total row and total column report the marginal frequencies or marginal distribution, while the body of the table reports the joint frequencies. Applications. Managing and operating on frequency tabulated data is much simpler than operation on raw data. There are simple algorithms to calculate median, mean, standard deviation etc. from these tables. Statistical hypothesis testing is founded on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions. This assessment involves measures of central tendency or averages, such as the mean and median, and measures of variability or statistical dispersion, such as the standard deviation or variance. A frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different. The kurtosis of a frequency distribution is the concentration of scores at the mean, or how peaked the distribution appears if depicted graphically—for example, in a histogram. If the distribution is more peaked than the normal distribution it is said to be leptokurtic; if less peaked it is said to be platykurtic. Letter frequency distributions are also used in frequency analysis to crack codes and are referred to the relative frequency of letters in different languages.  
CNBC Europe CNBC Europe (referred to on air simply as CNBC) is a business and financial news television channel which airs across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The station is based in London, where it shares the Adrian Smith-designed 10 Fleet Place building with Dow Jones & Company. Along with CNBC Asia, the channel is operated by the Singapore-headquartered CNBC subsidiary company CNBC International, which is in turn wholly owned by NBCUniversal. As the most viewed pan-European financial TV channel according to the 2010 EMS survey, the broadcaster reaches over 100 million households across the continent. CNBC Europe produces or co-produces 7 hours of live programming each weekday, along with reports and content for its global sister stations and the outlets of NBC News. History. CNBC Europe began broadcasts in March 1996, as a wholly owned subsidiary of NBC. On 9 December 1997, the channel announced that it would merge with the Dow Jones news channel in Europe, European Business News. The merger took place in February 1998, upon which the channel then became known officially as CNBC Europe - A Service of NBC and Dow Jones. CNBC Europe has leaned generally on the U.S. CNBC on-air graphical look in the past. However in June 2003, it revamped a number of its programmes, taking many of them away from the U.S. formats. CNBC Europe re-launched its on-air image in September 2004, but instead of adapting the U.S. title sequences for programmes, designed all of its title sequences itself from scratch (while still using the U.S. music adopted in September 2003). In July 2005, NBC Universal announced that it would be acquiring the Dow Jones stake in CNBC Europe, subject to required regulatory clearances. On 30 December 2005, CNBC Europe became a wholly owned subsidiary of NBC Universal. Dow Jones continues to provide content to the channel. On 1 January 2006, in line with this, the channel dropped the A Service of NBC Universal and Dow Jones tagline. On 18 September 2006, CNBC Europe debuted a new graphics package, which is similar to that used by its U.S. counterpart (first seen in the United States on 19 December 2005). Like CNBC Asia (which debuted a new graphics package similar to CNBC U.S. and Europe on 30 October 2006), it elected to keep the previous theme music (CNBC Asia did so until March 2007). In addition, CNBC Europe also elected
CNBC Asia CNBC Asia is a business news television channel in Asia. A subsidiary of NBCUniversal, it is the Asian service of the Consumer News and Business Channel (CNBC). Its programmes originate from Singapore, Hong Kong and Sydney and has bureaus in Tokyo and Seoul. History. 1995–1997: pre-ABN merger. CNBC Asia was launched on 20 June, 1995 along with sister channel NBC Asia. It was originally based in Hong Kong. Anchors such as Rico Hizon, Bernard Lo, Lorraine Hahn, Dalton Tanonaka and Bill Hartley were part of the original CNBC Asia team. It adopted similar programmes from its US counterpart like The Money Wheel and Business Tonight and had a few of its own programmes as well. In addition, the channel has broadcast programmes from CNBC US and CNBC Europe on a live and repeat basis. Post-ABN merger. On July 1, 1997, Dow Jones & Company and NBC announced the merger of their international business news channels. This resulted in a merger of CNBC Asia with Dow Jones' Asia Business News (ABN), and likewise of CNBC Europe with European Business News. The merged channel launched on January 1, 2000 and was named CNBC Asia Business News but it was simply referred to as CNBC Asia in mid-1998. As a result of the merger, there were massive employee lay-offs and programme cancellations at CNBC's Asia original headquarters in Hong Kong but Rico Hizon, Geoff Cutmore and Bernard Lo joined the newly-merged channel whose operations have been based in Singapore ever since. Programmes and personalities came mostly from ABN and were for the most part retained in their original form (i.e., title and graphics scheme). CNBC Asia also mainly used ABN's own graphics scheme rather than adopt those in use by CNBC US and CNBC Europe. In addition, there was no regional ticker for most audiences until October 26, 1998 and simulcasts of US and European programmes were very limited. From then (until January 2006) the international CNBC services carried the tagline A Service of NBC (Universal) and Dow Jones (or depending on other local partners, a variation of this tagline) when introducing regional programmes (including magazine programmes) and airing general channel promotions. Mid-1998–2002. On June 1, 1998, CNBC Asia added CNBC Sports which it aired weekend afternoons and in October 1998, it also started airing selected episodes of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Non-native pronunciations of English Non-native pronunciations of English result from the common linguistic phenomenon in which non-native users of any language tend to carry the intonation, phonological processes and pronunciation rules from their mother tongue into their English speech. They may also create innovative pronunciations for English sounds not found in the speaker's first language. Overview. The speech of non-native English speakers may exhibit pronunciation characteristics that result from such speakers imperfectly learning the pronunciation of English, either by transferring the phonological rules from their mother tongue into their English speech (interference) or through implementing strategies similar to those used in primary language acquisition. They may also create innovative pronunciations for English sounds not found in the speaker's first language. The age at which speakers begin to immerse themselves into a language (such as English) is linked to the degree in which native speakers are able to detect a non-native accent; the exact nature of the link is disputed amongst scholars and may be affected by neurological plasticity, cognitive development, motivation, psychosocial states, formal instruction, language learning aptitude, and the usage of their first (L1) and second (L2) languages. English is unusual in that speakers rarely produce an audible release between consonant clusters and often overlap constriction times. Speaking English with a timing pattern that is dramatically different may lead to speech that is difficult to understand. More transparently, differing phonological distinctions between a speaker's first language and English create a tendency to neutralize such distinctions in English, and differences in the inventory or distribution of sounds may cause substitutions of native sounds in the place of difficult English sounds and/or simple deletion. This is more common when the distinction is subtle between English sounds or between a sound of English and of a speaker's primary language. While there is no evidence to suggest that a simple absence of a sound or sequence in one language's phonological inventory makes it difficult to learn, several theoretical models have presumed that non-native speech perceptions reflect both the abstract phonological properties and phonetic details of the native language. Such characteristics may be transmitted to the children of bilinguals, who will then exhibit a number of the same characteristics even if they are monolingual. Examples. Italian. A study on Italian children's pronunciation of English revealed the following characteristics: In addition, Italians learning English have a tendency to pronounce words as they are spelled,
Hyoscyamine Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor. Brand names for hyoscyamine include Symax, HyoMax, Anaspaz, Egazil, Buwecon, Cystospaz, Levsin, Levbid, Levsinex, Donnamar, NuLev, Spacol T/S and Neoquess. Pharmacology. Hyoscyamine is an antagonist of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (antimuscarinic). It blocks the action of acetylcholine at parasympathetic sites in sweat glands, salivary glands, stomach secretions, heart muscle, sinoatrial node, smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal tract, and the central nervous system. It increases cardiac output and heart rate, lowers blood pressure, dries secretions. It may antagonize serotonin. At comparable doses, hyoscyamine has 98 per cent of the anticholinergic power of atropine. The other major belladonna-derived drug scopolamine has 92 per cent of the antimuscarinic potency of atropine. Biosynthesis in plants. Hyoscyamine can be extracted from plants of the Solanaceae family, notably Datura stramonium. As hyoscyamine is a direct precursor in the plant biosynthesis of scopolamine, it is produced via the same metabolic pathway. The biosynthesis of scopolamine begins with the decarboxylation of L-ornithine to putrescine by ornithine decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.17). Putrescine is methylated to N-methylputrescine by putrescine N-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.53). A putrescine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.10) that specifically recognizes methylated purtrescine catalizes the deamination of this compound to 4-methylaminobutanal which then undergoes a spontaneous ring formation to N-Methyl-pyrrolium cation. In the next step, the pyrrolium cation condenses with acetoacetic acid yielding hygrine. No enzmyatic activity could be demonstrated that catalyzes this reaction. Hygrine further rearranges to tropinone. Subsequently, Tropinone reductase I (EC 1.1.1.206) converts tropinone to tropine which condenses with phenylalanine-derived phenyllactate to littorine. A cytochrome P450 classified as Cyp80F1 oxidizes and rearranges littorine to hyoscyamine aldehyde. Uses. Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief to various gastrointestinal disorders including spasms, peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, diverticulitis, pancreatitis, colic and cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of respiratory secretions in palliative care. It may be useful in pain
Eurasian Wigeon The Eurasian Wigeon, also known as Widgeon or Eurasian Widgeon (Anas penelope, previously Mareca penelope) is one of three species of wigeon in the dabbling duck genus Anas. It is common and widespread within its range. This species was first described by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae in 1758 under its current scientific name. Description. This dabbling duck is long with a wingspan, and a weight of . The breeding male has grey flanks and back, with a black rear end and a dark green speculum and a brilliant white patch on upper wings, obvious in flight or at rest. It has a pink breast, white belly, and a chestnut head with a creamy crown. In non-breeding (eclipse) plumage, the drake looks more like the female. The female is light brown, with plumage much like a female American Wigeon. It can be distinguished from most other ducks, apart from American Wigeon, on shape. However, that species has a paler head and white axillaries on its underwing. The female can be a rufous morph with a redder head, and a gray morph with a more gray head. Distribution. It breeds in the northernmost areas of Europe and Asia. It is the Old World counterpart of North America's American Wigeon. It is strongly migratory and winters further south than its breeding range. It migrates to southern Asia and Africa. In Great Britain and Ireland the Eurasian Wigeon is common as a winter visitor, but scarce as a breeding bird in Scotland, the Lake District, the Pennines and occasionally further south, with only a handful of breeding pairs in Ireland. It can be found as an uncommon winter visitor in the United States on the mid-Atlantic and Pacific coasts. It is a rare visitor to the rest of the United States except for the Four Corners and the southern Appalachians. Behaviour and habitat. The Eurasian Wigeon is a bird of open wetlands, such as wet grassland or marshes with some taller vegetation, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing, which it does very readily. It nests on the ground, near water and under cover. It is highly gregarious outside of the breeding season and will form large flocks. They will join with flocks of the American Wigeon in the United States, and they also hybridize with them. This is a noisy species. The male has a clear
American Wigeon The American Wigeon, also American Widgeon or Baldpate, (Anas americana) is a species of dabbling duck found in North America. This species is classified with the other wigeons in the dabbling duck genus Anas, which may be split, in which case wigeons could go into their old genus Mareca again. It is the New World counterpart of the Eurasian Wigeon. Description. The American Wigeon is a medium-sized bird; it is larger than a teal, but smaller than a pintail. In silhouette, the wigeon can be distinguished from other dabblers by its round head, short neck, and small bill. It is long, with a wingspan and a weight of . This wigeon has two adult molts per year and a juvenile molt in the first year, as well. The breeding male (drake) is a striking bird with a mask of green feathers around its eyes and a cream colored cap running from the crown of its head to its bill. This white patch gives the wigeon its other common name, baldpate (pate is another word for head). Their belly is also white. In flight, drakes can be identified by the large white shoulder patch on each wing. These white patches flash as the birds bank and turn. In non-breeding (eclipse) plumage, the drake looks more like the female. The hens are much less conspicuous, having primarily gray and brown plumage. Both sexes have a pale blue bill with a black tip, a white belly, and gray legs and feet. The wing patch behind the speculum is gray. They can be distinguished from most ducks, apart from Eurasian Wigeon, by shape. However, that species has a darker head and all grey underwing. The head and neck coloring of the female is different as opposed to the Eurasian Wigeon. It nests on the ground, near water and under cover. It lays 6–12 creamy white eggs. Flocks will often contain American Coots. The American Wigeon is a noisy species, and in the field can often be identified by their distinctive calls. Drakes produce a three note whistle, while hens emit hoarse grunts and quacks. The male whistle makes a whoee-whoe-whoe, whereas the female has a low growl qua-ack. Distribution and habitat. It is common and widespread, breeding in all but the extreme north of Canada and Alaska and also in the Interior West through Idaho, Colorado, the Dakotas, and Minnesota, as
Ford Cortina The Ford Cortina is a car built by Ford of Britain in various guises from 1962 to 1982, and was the United Kingdom's best-selling car of the 1970s. The Cortina was produced in five generations (Mark I through to Mark V, although officially the last one was called the Cortina 80) from 1962 until 1982. From 1970 onward, it was almost identical to the German-market Ford Taunus (being built on the same platform) which was originally a different car model. This was part of a Ford attempt to unify its European operations. By 1976, when the revised Taunus was launched, the Cortina was identical. The new Taunus/Cortina used the doors and some panels from the 1970 Taunus. It was replaced in 1982 by the Ford Sierra. In Asia and Australasia, it was replaced by the Mazda 626-based Ford Telstar, though Ford New Zealand did import British-made CKD kits of the Ford Sierra estate for local assembly from 1984. The model's name was inspired by the name of the Italian ski resort Cortina d'Ampezzo, site of the 1956 Winter Olympics. As a publicity stunt, several Cortinas were driven down the bobsled run at the resort which was called Cortina Auto-Bobbing. Mark I (1962–1966). Using the project name of Archbishop, management at Ford of Britain in Dagenham created a family-sized car which they could sell in large numbers. The chief designer was Roy Brown Jr., the designer of the Edsel, who had been banished to Dagenham following the failure of that car. The Cortina, aimed at buyers of the Morris Oxford and Vauxhall Victor, was launched on 20 September 1962. The car was designed to be economical, cheap to run and easy and inexpensive to produce in Britain. The front-wheel drive configuration used by Ford of Germany for the new Ford Taunus P4, a similarly sized model, was rejected in favour of traditional rear-wheel drive layout. Originally to be called Ford Consul 225, the car was launched as the Consul Cortina until a modest facelift in 1964, after which it was sold simply as the Cortina. The Cortina was available with 1200 and 1500 four-cylinder engines with all synchromesh gearbox, in two-door and four-door saloon, as well as a four-door estate forms. Standard, Deluxe, Super, and GT trims were offered but not across all body styles. Early Standard models featured a simple body coloured front grille, earning it the
Vermiculite Vermiculite is a hydrous, silicate mineral that is classified as a phyllosilicate and that expands greatly when heated. Exfoliation occurs when the mineral is heated sufficiently, and the effect is routinely produced in commercial furnaces. Vermiculite is formed by weathering or hydrothermal alteration of biotite or phlogopite. Large commercial vermiculite mines currently exist in Russia, South Africa, China, and Brazil. Occurrence. Vermiculite was first described in 1824 for an occurrence in Millbury, Massachusetts, USA. Its name is from Latin vermiculare, to breed worms, for the manner in which it exfoliates when heated. It typically occurs as an alteration product at the contact between felsic and mafic or ultramafic rocks such as pyroxenites and dunites. It also occurs in carbonatites and metamorphosed magnesium rich limestone. Associated mineral phases include: corundum, apatite, serpentine and talc. It occurs interlayered with chlorite, biotite and phlogopite. Structure. Vermiculite is a 2:1 clay, meaning it has 2 tetrahedral sheets for every one octahedral sheet. It is a limited expansion clay with a medium shrink-swell capacity. Vermiculite has a high cation exchange capacity at 100-150 meq/100 g. Vermiculite clays are weathered micas in which the potassium ions between the molecular sheets are replaced by magnesium and iron ions. Commercial manufacture of exfoliated vermiculite. In 2005, South Africa was the top producer of vermiculite with about 40% world share followed by the USA and China, reports the British Geological Survey. While some exfoliators focus on only a few of the possible applications, others can provide vermiculite products for all its applications. It is common for vermiculite exfoliators to exfoliate perlite also, as both are often sold together. For those who want to set up a new exfoliation process, it is possible to find expert consultants to advise in the design and construction of the desired facilities. Vermiculite exfoliators have an international trade association called The Vermiculite Association to represent the industry's interests and to exchange information. Many of its members also maintain memberships in The Perlite Institute. Fireproofing. While spray-applied asbestos-containing fireproofing and girder insulation is still widely found in old construction, in some parts of the world it is still being used. Recent improvements of these sprays replace asbestos with aggregates of MMMF (man-made-mineral-fibres) including rockwool and ceramic fibres. The cementitious versions of these fireproofing sprays contain Portland cement and lightweight aggregates of the plaster vermiculite. Vermiculite ore, particularly that ore extracted from the Libby
United States Copyright Office The United States Copyright Office, a part of the Library of Congress, is the official U.S. government body that maintains records of copyright registration in the United States. It is used by copyright title searchers who are attempting to clear a chain of title for copyrighted works. The head of the Copyright Office is called the Register of Copyrights. The current Register is Maria Pallante, who has held the office since 2011. The Copyright Office is housed on the fourth floor of the James Madison Memorial Building of the Library of Congress, at 101 Independence Avenue, SE, in Washington, DC. History. The United States Constitution gives Congress the power to enact laws establishing a system of copyright in the United States, and the Copyright Act of 1790, the first federal copyright law, was enacted in May 1790 (with the first work being registered within two weeks). Originally, claims were recorded by Clerks of U.S. district courts. In 1870, copyright functions were centralized in the Library of Congress under the direction of the then Librarian of Congress Ainsworth Rand Spofford. The Copyright Office became a separate department of the Library of Congress in 1897, and Thorvald Solberg was appointed the first Register of Copyrights. Functions. The mission of the Copyright Office is to promote creativity by administering and sustaining an effective national copyright system. While the purpose of the copyright system has always been to promote creativity in society, the functions of the Copyright Office have grown to include the following: Administering the copyright law. The Office examines all applications and deposits presented for registration of original and renewal copyright claims to determine their acceptability for registration under the provisions of the copyright law. The Office also records documents related to copyright ownership. The Copyright Office records the bibliographic descriptions and the copyright facts of all works registered. The archives maintained by the Copyright Office are an important record of America’s cultural and historical heritage. Containing nearly 45 million individual cards, the Copyright Card Catalog housed in the James Madison Memorial Building comprises an index to copyright registrations in the United States from 1870 through 1977. Records after 1977 are maintained through an online database of more than 16 million entries. As a service unit of the Library of Congress, the Copyright Office is part of the legislative branch of government. The Office provides copyright policy
Spoken language Spoken language, sometimes called oral language, is language produced in its spontaneous form, as opposed to written language. Many languages have no written form, and so are only spoken. In spoken language, much of the meaning is determined by the context. This contrasts with written language, where more of the meaning is provided directly by the text. In spoken language the truth of a proposition is determined by common-sense reference to experience, whereas in written language a greater emphasis is placed on logical and coherent argument; similarly, spoken language tends to convey subjective information, including the relationship between the speaker and the audience, whereas written language tends to convey objective information. The relationship between spoken language and written language is complex. Within the field of linguistics the current consensus is that speech is an innate human capability while written language is a cultural invention. However some linguists, such as those of the Prague school, argue that written and spoken language possess distinct qualities which would argue against written language being dependent on spoken language for its existence. The term spoken language is sometimes used for vocal language (in contrast to sign language), especially by linguists. (Informally, sign language is also sometimes said to be 'spoken'.)  
Written language A written language is the representation of a language by means of a writing system. Written language is an invention in that it must be taught to children; children will pick up spoken language (oral or sign) by exposure without being specifically taught. A written language exists only as a complement to a specific spoken language, and no natural language is purely written. However, extinct languages may be in effect purely written when only their writings survive. Written language vs. spoken language. Written languages change more slowly than corresponding spoken languages. When one or more registers of a language come to be strongly divergent from spoken language, the resulting situation is called diglossia. However, such diglossia is often considered as one language, between literary language and other registers, especially if the writing system reflects its pronunciation. Native readers and writers of English are often unaware that the complexities of English spelling make written English a somewhat artificial construct. The traditional spelling of English, at least for inherited words, preserves a late Middle English phonology that is no one's speech dialect. The artificial preservation of this much earlier form of the language in writing might make much of what we write intelligible to Chaucer (1343–1400), even if we could not understand his speech.  
Copyright collective A copyright collective (also known as a copyright collecting agency, licensing agency or copyright collecting society) is a body created by copyright law or private agreement which engages in collective rights management. Collecting societies have the authority to license copyrighted works and collect royalties as part of compulsory licensing or individual licences negotiated on behalf of its members. Collecting societies collect royalty payments from users of copyrighted works and distribute royalties to copyright owners. Authors of literary or artistic works as well as holders of related rights enjoy exclusive rights to authorise or prohibit the use of their works. In cases where the rights cannot be enforced vis-à-vis individual members of the public or where individual management would not be appropriate, given the number and type of uses involved, right holders are granted a remuneration right instead. These rights are typically managed by collecting societies. The underlying idea of collective rights management, whereby copyright and related rights are managed collectively, is widely shared and collecting societies have a key role in all developed countries. Because of historical, legal, economic and cultural diversity among countries, regulation of collecting societies and the markets where they act vary from one country to another. In Europe collecting societies require their members to transfer them exclusive administration rights of all of their works. United States and Canada have less restricting rules as members maintain their rights simultaneously with collecting societies. Societies' tasks. Collecting societies are effectively an organization handling the outsourced function of right management. Right owners transfer to collecting society rights to: 1) sell non-exclusive licenses; 2) collect royalties 3) distribute collected royalties 4) enter into reciprocal arrangements with other collecting societies 5) enforce their rights. Collecting societies also negotiate license fees for public performance and reproduction and act as lobbying interests groups. Collecting societies sell blanket licences, which grant the right to perform their catalogue for a period of time. Such a licence might for example provide a broadcaster with a single annual authorisation encompassing thousands of songs owned by thousands of composers, lyricists and publishers. The societies also sell individual licenses for users who reproduce and distribute music. For example, Apple must submit the download reports for the iTunes Store, which are used to determine their royalty payments. In the U.S. and Canada, when dealing with works that are performed (such as music) these groups are called performance rights
Moldovan language Moldovan (also Moldavian; , or лимба молдовеняскэ in Moldovan Cyrillic) is the official name of the Romanian language in the Republic of Moldova. The variety of Romanian spoken in Moldova is the Moldavian subdialect, which is also spoken in northeastern Romania. The two countries share the same literary standard. Written in Cyrillic, Moldovan is also the name of one of three official languages of the breakaway Moldovan territory of Transnistria. The Constitution of Moldova (Title I, Article 13) states that the Moldovan language is the official language of the country. In the Declaration of Independence of Moldova, the state language is called Romanian. The 1989 Language Law that proclaimed it the state language of Moldova speaks in the preamble of a Moldovan-Romanian linguistic identity. After political debate over the issue became inflamed again in the early 2000s, a group of Romanian linguists adopted a resolution stating that promotion of the notion of Moldovan language is an anti-scientific campaign. The word Moldavian is also used to refer collectively to the north-eastern varieties of spoken Romanian, spread approximately within the territory of the former Principality of Moldavia (now split between Moldova and Romania). The Moldavian variety is considered one of the five major spoken varieties of Romanian, all five being written identically. There is no particular linguistic break at the Prut River, the border between Romania and Moldova. In schools in Moldova the phrase Romanian language is used. In 2007, former Moldovan president Vladimir Voronin asked for it to be changed to Moldovan language. The standard alphabet is equivalent to Romanian alphabet (based on the Latin alphabet). Until 1918, the historical Romanian Cyrillic alphabet was used. The Moldovan Cyrillic alphabet was used in 1924–1932 and 1938–89, and remains in use in Transnistria. History and politics. The history of the Moldovan language refers to the historical evolution of the glottonym Moldavian/Moldovan in Moldova and beyond, which is closely tied to the region's political status, with long periods of rule by Russia and the Soviet Union influencing the language's name and (when Cyrillic script was in use) orthography. From a linguistic perspective, this term is an alternative name for the varieties of the Romanian language spoken in the Republic of Moldova (see History of the Romanian language). Before 1918 and also after the union of Bessarabia with Romania, it was not obvious nor universally accepted that Moldovans and the Romanians formed
Leidos Leidos, previously known as Science Applications International Corporation or SAIC, is an American defense company headquartered in Reston, Virginia, that provides scientific, engineering, systems integration, and technical services. Leidos works extensively with the United States Department of Defense, the United States Department of Homeland Security, and the United States Intelligence Community, including the National Security Agency, as well as other U.S. government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. On September 27, 2013, SAIC changed its name to Leidos and spun-off a $4 billion government services and information technology company, which retained the name Science Applications International Corporation. Before the split, Leidos employed 39,600 employees and reported $11.17 billion in revenue and $525 million net income for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2013, making it number 240 on the Fortune 500 list. After the split Leidos is projected to have $6 billion in revenue. History. SAIC was founded by J. Robert Bob Beyster in 1969 in the La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego, California, as Science Applications Incorporated. SAIC conducted an initial public offering of common stock on October 17, 2006. The offering of 86,250,000 shares of common stock was priced at $15.00 per share. The underwriters, Bear Stearns and Morgan Stanley, exercised overallotment options, resulting in 11.25 million shares. The IPO raised US$1.245B. In September 2009 SAIC relocated its corporate headquarters to their existing facilities in Tysons Corner in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near McLean. In 2012 the company announced its intention to split into two publicly owned companies in 2013. The two new companies would consist of a services company earning approximately $4 billion a year and an IT company earning approximately $7 billion a year. That year the company was also ordered to pay $500.4 million to the City of New York for overbilling the city over a period of seven years. Management. On November 3, 2003, Kenneth C. Dahlberg was named the CEO of SAIC, ending Beyster's 30+ years of leadership. In May 2005, under the new CEO, the company changed its external tagline from An Employee-Owned Company to From Science to Solutions, retaining the former for internal communications. The third CEO was Walter P. Havenstein, who pushed for tighter integration of the company's historically autonomous divisions. The strategy led to lower profit and revenue, and was reversed by the current (fourth) CEO, retired Air Force general John P. Jumper, appointed in 2012. The
K. Satchidanandan K. Satchidanandan (; born 28 May 1946) is a major Indian poet and critic, writing in Malayalam, and English. Satchidanandan has established himself as an academician, editor, translator and playwright. Born in central Kerala, he was a Professor of English and Editor of Indian Literature, the journal of the Sahitya Akademi (India's National Academy of Literature) and the executive head of the Sahitya Akademi for a decade (1996–2006) He has to his credit 23 collections of poetry besides many selections, 16 collections of translations of poetry and 21 collections of essays on literature, language and society-three of them in English- besides four plays and three travel narratives. He has 25 collections of his poetry in translation in 17 languages including Tamil, Hindi, Bengali, English, Arabic, French, German and Italian. He has introduced several poets like Garcia Lorca, Alexander Block, Voznesensky, Pablo Neruda, Cesar Vallejo, Bertolt Brecht, Paul Celan, Zbignew Herbert, Eugenio Montale, Giuseppe Ungaretti, Mahmoud Darwish and Yehuda Amichai to Malayalam readers through translations and studies besides a lot of Black, Latin American and Indian poetry. He has also travelled widely, writing and lecturing. K. Satchidanandan was one of the pioneers of modern poetry in Malayalam and is well known for the subtle and nuanced articulations of socio-political contexts in his poetry. Critics have noted narrativity, irony and philosophical contemplation on the contradictions of existence as decisive elements in his poetry. Commenting on his first collection of translations in English, the poet Jayanta Mahapatra said; in Summer rain we find a depth of meaning that cries out aloud to be known and read far and wide. These are poems of great strength and power, a moving tribute to the generation in which we live.” According to Carlo Savini, the Italian critic, finds him to be a poet who resists all kinds of mass ideas and conditioning, one who celebrates his inner freedom even while respecting the real values of man and his soul. Antonio Mennitti Ippolito speaks of his many-stringed lyre; and says he brings all these voices together in his best, dialogic, poems. Satchidanandan has received sixteen literary awards besides many honours like the Knighthood of the Order of Merit from the Government of Italy and the Medallion of Friendship from the Government of Poland. Life and career. Koyamparambath Satchidanandan was born in 1946 in Pulloot, a village in Kodungallur in the Thrissur district of Kerala.
Lettrism Lettrism is a French avant-garde movement, established in Paris in the mid-1940s by Romanian immigrant Isidore Isou. In a body of work totaling hundreds of volumes, Isou and the Lettrists have applied their theories to all areas of art and culture, most notably in poetry, film, painting and political theory. The movement has its theoretical roots in Dada and Surrealism. Isou viewed his fellow countryman, Tristan Tzara, as the greatest creator and rightful leader of the Dada movement, and dismissed most of the others as plagiarists and falsifiers. Among the Surrealists, André Breton was a significant influence, but Isou was dissatisfied by what he saw as the stagnation and theoretical bankruptcy of the movement as it stood in the 1940s. In French, the movement is called Lettrisme, from the French word for letter, arising from the fact that many of their early works centred around letters and other visual or spoken symbols. The Lettristes themselves prefer the spelling 'Letterism' for the Anglicised term, and this is the form that is used on those rare occasions when they produce or supervise English translations of their writings: however, 'Lettrism' is at least as common in English usage. The term, having been the original name that was first given to the group, has lingered as a blanket term to cover all of their activities, even as many of these have moved away from any connection to letters. But other names have also been introduced, either for the group as a whole or for its activities in specific domains, such as 'the Isouian movement', 'youth uprising', 'hypergraphics', 'creatics', 'infinitesimal art' and 'excoördism'. History. 1925. Isidore Goldstein is born at Botoşani, Romania, on January 31, to an Ashkenazi Jewish family. During the early 1950s, Goldstein would be signing himself 'Jean-Isidore Isou'; otherwise, it has always been 'Isidore Isou'. 'Isou' is standardly taken to be a pseudonym, but Isou/Goldstein himself resists this interpretation. My name is Isou. My mother called me Isou, only it’s written differently in Romanian. And Goldstein: I’m not ashamed of my name. At Gallimard, I was known as Isidore Isou Goldstein. Isou, it’s my name! Only in Romanian it’s written Izu, but in French it’s Isou. 1970s and 1980s. General continuation of existing currents, together with new research into psychiatry, mathematics, physics, and chemistry. 1990s. Development of excoördism. Uncomfortable with the direction the group is going in, Lemaître—Isou’s right hand
Carenza Lewis Carenza Rachel Lewis (born 1963) is a British archaeologist who became famous as a result of her appearances on the Channel 4 television series Time Team. Educated at All Hallows Convent School, Norfolk (Anglican) and the University of Cambridge, in 1985 she joined the Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England (now part of English Heritage) as a field archaeologist for Wessex. During part of her time with the RCHME she was seconded to the History Department of the University of Birmingham to research the relationship between settlement and landscape in the East Midlands. She followed this with a similar project for Hampshire and the Isle of Wight. In 1999 she was elected a visiting fellow of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, where she is a Senior Research Associate and Affiliated Lecturer. In 2004 she took on a new post at Cambridge to promote undergraduate archaeology, and created Access Cambridge Archaeology. Carenza Lewis and her team, have championed hands on archaeology, to promote local history to schools, groups, organizations, and even whole communities; in order to encourage personal discovery and development, further educational aspiration, research, and enjoyment whilst learning, in a group environment. In 1993 she joined the team creating the first Time Team series, shown in 1994. The success of Time Team encouraged the production of other programmes in similar formats, such as House Detectives by the BBC. In 2002 House Detectives at Large starred Carenza Lewis with architectural historian Dan Cruickshank. She also devised and presented a series called Sacred Sites for HTV. She left Time Team after series 12, filmed in 2004, and returned to television in the 2010 series 'Michael Wood's Story of England. Carenza Lewis went public about her experience when she was wrongly diagnosed with breast cancer by Dr. James Elwood in 1997 and had an unnecessary double mastectomy.  
Open standard An open standard is a standard that is publicly available and has various rights to use associated with it, and may also have various properties of how it was designed (e.g. open process). There is no single definition and interpretations vary with usage. The terms open and standard have a wide range of meanings associated with their usage. There are a number of definitions of open standards which emphasize different aspects of openness, including of the resulting specification, the openness of the drafting process, and the ownership of rights in the standard. The term standard is sometimes restricted to technologies approved by formalized committees that are open to participation by all interested parties and operate on a consensus basis. The definitions of the term open standard used by academics, the European Union and some of its member governments or parliaments such as Denmark, France, and Spain preclude open standards requiring fees for use, as do the New Zealand, South African and the Venezuelan governments. On the standard organisation side, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) ensures that its specifications can be implemented on a royalty-free basis. Many definitions of the term standard permit patent holders to impose reasonable and non-discriminatory licensing royalty fees and other licensing terms on implementers and/or users of the standard. For example, the rules for standards published by the major internationally recognized standards bodies such as the IETF, ISO, IEC, and ITU-T permit their standards to contain specifications whose implementation will require payment of patent licensing fees. Among these organizations, only the IETF and ITU-T explicitly refer to their standards as open standards, while the others refer only to producing standards. The IETF and ITU-T use definitions of open standard that allow reasonable and non-discriminatory patent licensing fee requirements. There are those in the open-source software community who hold that an open standard is only open if it can be freely adopted, implemented and extended. While open standards or architectures are considered non-proprietary in the sense that the standard is either un-owned or owned by a collective body it can still be publicly shared and not tightly guarded. The typical example of “open source” that has become a standard is the personal computer originated by IBM and now referred to as Wintel, the combination of the Microsoft operating system and Intel microprocessor. There are three others that are most widely accepted as “open”
Computer Go Computer Go is the field of artificial intelligence (AI) dedicated to creating a computer program that plays Go, a traditional board game. Performance. Go has long been considered a difficult challenge in the field of AI and is considerably more difficult to solve than chess. Mathematician I. J. Good wrote in a 1965 New Scientist Go on a computer? – In order to programme a computer to play a reasonable game of Go, rather than merely a legal game – it is necessary to formalise the principles of good strategy, or to design a learning programme. The principles are more qualitative and mysterious than in chess, and depend more on judgment. So I think it will be even more difficult to programme a computer to play a reasonable game of Go than of chess. The first Go program was written by Albert Zobrist in 1968 as part of his thesis on pattern recognition. It introduced an Influence function to estimate territory and Zobrist hashing to detect ko. Recent developments in Monte Carlo tree search and machine learning have brought the best programs to high dan level on the small 9x9 board. In 2009, the first such programs appeared which could reach and hold low dan-level ranks on the KGS Go Server also on the 19x19 board. In 2012, the best Go program on KGS is ranked 6 dan. In 1998, very strong players were able to beat computer programs while giving handicaps of 25–30 stones, an enormous handicap that few human players would ever take. There was a case in the 1994 World Computer Go Championship where the winning program, Go Intellect, lost all 3 games against the youth players while receiving a 15-stone handicap. In general, players who understood and exploited a program's weaknesses could win with much larger handicaps than typical players. Recent results. In 2008, thanks to an efficient message-passing parallelization, MoGo won one game (out of three) against Cătălin Ţăranu, 5th dan pro, in 9x9 with standard time settings (30 minutes per side). MoGo was running on a cluster provided by Bull (32 nodes with 8 cores per node, 3 GHz); the machine was down during one of the lost games. The results of this event were approved by the French Federation of Go. MoGo also played a 19x19 Game against Cătălin Ţăranu and lost in spite of 9 stones handicap. However, MoGo
Willy Messerschmitt Wilhelm Emil Willy Messerschmitt (/'vĭli 'messer shmĭt/) (June 26, 1898 – September 15, 1978) was a German aircraft designer and manufacturer. He was born in Frankfurt am Main, the son of Baptist Ferdinand Messerschmitt (1858–1916) and his second wife, Anna Maria née Schaller (1867–1942). Probably Messerschmitt's single most important design was the Messerschmitt Bf 109, designed in 1934 with the collaboration of Walter Rethel. The Bf 109 became the most important fighter in the Luftwaffe as Germany re-armed prior to World War II. To this day, it remains the most-produced fighter in history, with some 35,000 built. Another Messerschmitt aircraft, first called Bf 109R, purpose-built for record setting, but later re-designated Messerschmitt Me 209, broke the absolute world air-speed record and held the world speed record for propeller-driven aircraft until 1969. His firm also produced the first jet-powered fighter to enter service — the Messerschmitt Me 262, although Messerschmitt himself did not design it. First sailplane designs and WWI. As a young man, Messerschmitt befriended German sailplane pioneer Friedrich Harth. Harth joined the German army in 1914 and while he was away at war, Messerschmitt continued work on one of Harth's designs, the S5 glider. In 1917, Messerschmitt himself signed up for military service. Following the war, the two were re-united and continued to work together while Messerschmitt commenced study at the Munich Technical College and Harth built aircraft at the Bayerische Flugzeugwerke (BFW - Bavarian Aircraft Works). The S8 glider they designed and built together in 1921 broke a world duration record (albeit unofficially) and they went into partnership for a while running a flying school. The same year, the first plane entirely designed by Messerschmitt flew — the S9 glider. Beginning of his career. During 1923 Harth and Messerschmitt had a falling out and went their separate ways, with Messerschmitt founding his own aircraft company at Augsburg. At first, Messerschmitt built sailplanes, but within two years had progressed via motor gliders to small powered aircraft - sports and touring types. These culminated in the Messerschmitt M 17 and Messerschmitt M 18 designs, which Messerschmitt sold to BFW in 1927, when the Bavarian state government encouraged a merger between the two companies. These were followed by the Messerschmitt M20 light transport in 1928, which proved a disaster for BFW and Messerschmitt himself. Two Deutsche Luft Hansa M20s were involved in serious crashes very soon after purchase,
Alamo Bowl The Alamo Bowl is a major American college football bowl game played annually since 1993 in the 65,000-seat Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. The current champions are the Texas Longhorns. It matches the second choice team from the Pacific-12 Conference and the third choice team from the Big 12 Conference. Traditionally, the Alamo Bowl has been played in December. The game following the 2009 season marked the first time the game was played in January, making it be played in 2010. The game following the 2010 season returned to December. History. The game was previously known as the Builders Square Alamo Bowl (1993–1998), the Sylvania Alamo Bowl (1999–2001) and the MasterCard Alamo Bowl (2002–2005). The logo of the event has evolved to reflect the changes in sponsorship. On May 24, 2007 the Alamo Bowl announced a partnership with San Antonio-based Valero Energy Corporation, and thus the bowl's full name was changed to the Valero Alamo Bowl. The game originally gave an automatic invite to a team from the now-defunct Southwest Conference (SWC). However, in 1993, only two of the eight SWC teams finished with the necessary 6 wins against Division 1-A teams to become bowl-eligible (and those two teams were already committed to other bowls). The Alamo Bowl invited the Iowa Hawkeyes instead. The SWC was able to provide participants for the next two seasons (Baylor and Texas A&M) before the conference disbanded. During the 1996 Alamo Bowl, the Iowa Hawkeyes wore plain black helmets (removing their tigerhawk logo and gold stripe) in honor of linebacker Mark Mitchell's mother, who died in a car accident while traveling to San Antonio for the game. The 2002 Alamo Bowl played between Colorado and Wisconsin was the first ever Alamo Bowl to go into overtime, with the unranked Badgers defeating the No. 14 ranked Buffaloes after kicking a field goal to win 31–28, completing a perfect non-conference schedule at 6-0 (they went 2-6 in the Big Ten). The 2008 Alamo Bowl between Missouri and Northwestern also went into overtime, with Missouri defeating Northwestern 30–23. The 2005 Alamo Bowl ended on one of the most controversial plays in bowl game history, a multi-lateral play in which almost the entire Nebraska team and coaching staff and half of the Michigan sideline entered onto the field, and Nebraska gave their coach the Gatorade Dunk before the play was blown dead, bringing up memories
Single-phase electric power In electrical engineering, single-phase electric power refers to the distribution of alternating current electric power using a system in which all the voltages of the supply vary in unison. Single-phase distribution is used when loads are mostly lighting and heating, with few large electric motors. A single-phase supply connected to an alternating current electric motor does not produce a revolving magnetic field; single-phase motors need additional circuits for starting, and such motors are uncommon above 10 or 20 kW in rating. In contrast, in a three-phase system, the currents in each conductor reach their peak instantaneous values sequentially, not simultaneously; in each cycle of the power frequency, first one, then the second, then the third current reaches its maximum value. The waveforms of the three supply conductors are offset from one another in time (delayed in phase) by one-third of their period. When the three phases are connected to windings around the interior of a motor stator, they produce a revolving magnetic field; such motors are self-starting. Standard frequencies of single-phase power systems are either 50 or 60 Hz. Special single-phase traction power networks may operate at 16.67 Hz or other frequencies to power electric railways. In some countries such as the United States, single phase is commonly divided in half to create split-phase electric power for household appliances and lighting. Splitting out. No arrangement of transformers can convert a single-phase load into a balanced load on a polyphase system. A single-phase load may be powered from a three-phase distribution system either by connection between a phase and neutral or by connecting the load between two phases. The load device must be designed for the voltage in each case. The neutral point in a three phase system exists at the mathematical center of an equilateral triangle formed by the three phase points, and the phase-to-phase voltage is accordingly formula_1 times the phase-to-neutral voltage. For example, in places using a 415 volt 3 phase system, the phase-to-neutral voltage is 240 volts, allowing single-phase lighting to be connected phase-to-neutral and three-phase motors to be connected to all three phases. In North America, a typical three-phase system will have 208 volts between the phases and 120 volts between phase and neutral. If heating equipment designed for the 240-volt three-wire single phase system is connected to two phases of a 208 volt supply, it will only produce 75% of its
Superorganism A superorganism is an organism consisting of many organisms. This is usually meant to be a social unit of eusocial animals, where division of labour is highly specialised and where individuals are not able to survive by themselves for extended periods of time. Ants are the best-known example of such a superorganism, while the naked mole rat is a famous example of the eusocial mammal. The technical definition of a superorganism is a collection of agents which can act in concert to produce phenomena governed by the collective, phenomena being any activity the hive wants such as ants collecting food or bees choosing a new nest site. The Gaia hypothesis of James Lovelock and the work of James Hutton, Vladimir Vernadsky and Guy Murchie, have suggested that the biosphere can be considered a superorganism. This view relates to Systems Theory and the dynamics of a complex system. Superorganisms are important in cybernetics, particularly biocybernetics. They exhibit a form of distributed intelligence, a system in which many individual agents with limited intelligence and information are able to pool resources to accomplish a goal beyond the capabilities of the individuals. Existence of such behavior in organisms has many implications for military and management applications, and is being actively researched. Superorganic in social theory. Nineteenth century thinker Herbert Spencer coined the term super-organic to focus on social organization (the first chapter of his Principles of Sociology is entitled Super-organic Evolution), though this was apparently a distinction between the organic and the social, not an identity: Spencer explored the holistic nature of society as a social organism while distinguishing the ways in which society did not behave like an organism. For Spencer, the super-organic was an emergent property of interacting organisms, that is, human beings. And, as has been argued by D. C. Phillips, there is a difference between emergence and reductionism. Similarly, economist Carl Menger expanded upon the evolutionary nature of much social growth, but without ever abandoning methodological individualism. Many social institutions arose, Menger argued, not as the result of socially teleological causes, but the unintended result of innumerable efforts of economic subjects pursuing 'individual' interests. Spencer and Menger both argued that because it is individuals who choose and act, any social whole should be considered less than an organism, though Menger emphasized this more emphatically. Spencer used the organistic idea to engage in extended analysis of social structure, conceding
Slide projector A slide projector is an opto-mechanical device to view photographic slides. Slide projectors became common since the 1950s as a form of entertainment; family members and friends would gather to view slide shows. In-home photographic slides and slide projectors have largely been replaced by low cost paper prints, digital cameras, DVD media, video display monitors, and video projectors. A projector has four main elements: A flat piece of heat-absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide, to avoid damaging the latter. This glass transmits visible wavelengths but absorbs infrared. Light passes through the transparent slide and lens, and the resulting image is enlarged and projected onto a perpendicular flat screen so the audience can view its reflection. Alternatively, the image may be projected onto a translucent rear projection screen, often used for continuous automatic display for close viewing. This form of projection also avoids the audience interrupting the light stream by casting their shadows on the projection or by bumping into the projector. It is increasingly difficult in some countries to locate photo processors who will process slide film. Several manufacturers have stopped production of slide projectors.  
Hachiman In Japanese mythology, is the Japanese syncretic god of archery and war, incorporating elements from both Shinto and Buddhism. Although often called the god of war, he is more correctly defined as the tutelary god of warriors. He is also divine protector of Japan and the Japanese people. Therefore, Imperial house, Genji (Minamoto clan) and most samurai worship him. The name means God of Eight Banners, referring to the eight heavenly banners that signaled the birth of the divine Emperor Ōjin. His symbolic animal and messenger is the dove. Since ancient times Hachiman was worshiped by peasants as the god of agriculture and by fishermen who hoped he would fill their nets with much fish. In the Shinto religion, he became identified by legend as the Emperor Ōjin, son of Empress Consort Jingū, from the 3rd – 4th century AD. Syncretism. After the arrival of Buddhism in Japan, Hachiman became a syncretistic deity, fusing elements of the native kami worship with Buddhism (shinbutsu shūgō). In the Buddhist pantheon in 8th century AD, he became . Samurai worship. Because as Emperor Ōjin he was an ancestor of the Minamoto clan, Hachiman became the of the Minamoto samurai clan. Minamoto no Yoshiie, upon coming of age at Iwashimizu Shrine in Kyoto, took the name Hachiman Taro Yoshiie and through his military prowess and virtue as a leader, became regarded and respected as the ideal samurai through the ages. After Minamoto no Yoritomo became shogun and established the Kamakura shogunate, Hachiman's popularity grew and he became by extension the protector of the warrior class the shogun had brought to power. For this reason, the shintai of a Hachiman shrine is usually a stirrup or a bow. Throughout the Japanese medieval period, the worship of Hachiman spread throughout Japan among not only samurai, but also the peasantry. So much so was his popularity that presently there are 25000 Shinto shrines in Japan dedicated to Hachiman, the second most numerous after shrines dedicated to Inari. Usa Shrine in Usa, Oita prefecture is head shrine of all of these shrines and together with Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū, Hakozaki-gū and Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū, are noted as the most important of all the shrines dedicated to him. The crest of Hachiman is in the design of a mitsudomoe, a round whirlpool or vortex with three heads swirling right or left. Many samurai clans used this crest as their own,
Sailor Mars Sailor Mars is the second Sailor Senshi to be discovered by Sailor Moon and the secondary leader of the Guardian (or Inner) Senshi after Sailor Venus. She possesses powers associated with fire, as well as psychic and spiritual ones. Aside from the main body of the Sailor Moon series, Rei features in two different manga short stories. The first, Casablanca Memories, is entirely about her and her past; the second, Rei and Minako's Girls School Battle, is shared with Minako Aino. A number of image songs mentioning her character have been released as well, including the contents of three different CD singles. Profile. Rei's history is largely the same across the different versions of the story. She works as a miko or shrine maiden at the , and is shown to have an affinity with two crows who live there. It is revealed in the manga that as a child, they told her that their names are Phobos and Deimos (the same as Mars' two moons). In the manga, she is portrayed as calm, serious, and practical, distrusting most men and discouraging her friends from developing romantic relationships. In the other adaptations, though, her personality is quite different. In the anime, Rei is fiery, boy-crazy, practical and ambitious, longing to one day become a singer, model, and voice actress envisioning herself as ultimately getting married. She is also greatly interested in pop culture and shows musical talent of her own, including playing the piano and guitar, singing, and composing all the songs for a school festival. Rei and Usagi have a very tempestuous relationship, and argue frequently. Though these arguments are usually petty, early in the series Rei tries to take Usagi's role as Senshi Leader. Her loyalty to Usagi becomes much stronger later in the series, and affection replaces the earlier resentment. Although Rei becomes calmer as the series progresses, she remains somewhat more of a typical teenager than her manga counterpart. Anime Rei also tends to engage in long periods of sticking her tongue out at Usagi (who returns the favor), as a kind of running gag in their arguments. Rei goes to a different school from the other girls, namely T*A (possibly referring to Thomas Aquinas) Private Girls School, a Catholic institution run by nuns. She herself is a practitioner of Shinto, living and working at Hikawa Shrine with her grandfather, its head priest.
William Thornton Dr. William Thornton (May 20, 1759 - March 28, 1828) was a British-American physician, inventor, painter and architect who designed the United States Capitol, an authentic polymath. He also served as the first Architect of the Capitol and first Superintendent of the United States Patent Office. Early life. From an early age William Thornton displayed interest and discernible talent in the arts of design, to employ an 18th-century term that is particularly useful in assessing his career. Thornton was born on Jost Van Dyke in the British Virgin Islands, West Indies, in a Quaker community at Tortola, where he was heir to sugar plantations. He was sent to England at age five to be educated. Thornton was brought up strictly by his father's relations, Quakers and merchants, in and near the ancient castle town of Lancaster, in northern Lancashire, England. There was never any question of his pursuing the fine arts professionally—he was to be trained for a useful life, according to the Quaker ways. Thus, despite the fact that he had a sizeable income, young Thornton was apprenticed for a term of four years (1777–1781), to a practical physician and apothecary in Ulverston, Lancashire (now Cumbria). The earliest of Thornton's known writings, a journal he began during his apprenticeship, records almost as many entries for drawing and sketching as notes on medical treatments and nostrums. His subjects were most often flora and fauna, but he also did portraits, landscapes, historical scenes, and studies of machinery, such as the Franklin stove, and managed to construct a camera obscura. This pattern continued when he enrolled as a medical student in the University of Edinburgh in 1781. He interned at St. Bartholomew Hospital. The architecture of Edinburgh, especially that of the New Town that was being built, surely exerted considerable influence. More direct evidence of his interest in architecture is found in the landscapes and sketches of castles he drew while travelling about Scotland, notably in the Highlands, during these years. In 1783, Thornton went to London to continue his medical studies; characteristically, he also found time to attend lectures at the Royal Academy. The following year he was off to the Continent, carrying a letter of introduction to Benjamin Franklin, (1706-1790), written by his mentor and distant cousin Dr. John Coakley Lettsome, (1744-1815). In the summer of 1784, he explored the Highlands with Frojas de St. Frond. He
WaveRider A WaveRider is a hypersonic aircraft design that improves its supersonic lift-to-drag ratio by using the shock waves being generated by its own flight as a lifting surface, a phenomenon known as compression lift. To date the only manned aircraft to use the technique was the Mach 3 supersonic XB-70 Valkyrie, which used drooping wingtips to generate waverider lift. The waverider remains a well-studied design for high-speed aircraft in the Mach 5 and higher hypersonic regime, although no such design has yet entered production. The Boeing X-51A scramjet demonstration aircraft was launched on Tuesday August 14, 2012. The X-51 successfully launched from the wing of a B-52 bomber, but after 16 seconds there was a problem with a control fin. The aircraft was unable to maintain its course, and the test was terminated before the X51-A's Scramjet engine was ignited. The craft then crashed into the Pacific Ocean. On May 3, 2013 it was extensively reported that the Boeing X-51 Waverider had launched successfully from 50,000 ft and had accelerated using a rocket to at which point it separated from the rocket and ignited its Scramjet. It then accelerated further to and climbed to 60,000 ft before shutting down its engine and intentionally crashing into the Pacific. It's reported the engine ran for in excess of 240 seconds and the aircraft covered over 260 miles. History. Early work. The waverider design concept was first developed by Terence Nonweiler of the Queen's University of Belfast, and first described in print in 1951 as a re-entry vehicle. It consisted of a delta-wing platform with a low wing loading to provide considerable surface area to dump the heat of re-entry. At the time, Nonweiler was forced to use a greatly simplified 2D model of airflow around the aircraft, which he realized would not be accurate due to spanwise flow across the wing. However, he also noticed that the spanwise flow would be stopped by the shockwave being generated by the aircraft, and that if the wing was positioned to deliberately approach the shock, the spanwise flow would be trapped under wing, increasing pressure, and thus increasing lift. In the 1950s, the British started a space program based around the Blue Streak missile, which was, at some point, to include a manned vehicle. Armstrong-Whitworth were contracted to develop the re-entry vehicle, and unlike the U.S. space program they decided to stick with
Estradiol Estradiol (E2 or 17β-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (- The ranges denoted By biological stage may be used in closely monitored menstrual cycles in regard to other markers of its biological progression, with the time scale being compressed or stretched to how much faster or slower, respectively, the cycle progresses compared to an average cycle. - The ranges denoted Inter-cycle variability are more appropriate to use in unmonitored cycles with only the beginning of menstruation known, but where the woman accurately knows her average cycle lengths and time of ovulation, and that they are somewhat averagely regular, with the time scale being compressed or stretched to how much a woman's average cycle length is shorter or longer, respectively, than the average of the population. - The ranges denoted Inter-woman variability are more appropriate to use when the average cycle lengths and time of ovulation are unknown, but only the beginning of menstruation is given.]] In the normal menstrual cycle, estradiol levels measure typically Confederation A confederation (or confederacy), is a permanent union of political units for common action in relation to other units. Usually created by treaty but often later adopting a common constitution, confederations tend to be established for dealing with critical issues (such as defense, foreign affairs, or a common currency), with the central government being required to provide support for all members. The nature of the relationship among the states constituting a confederation varies considerably. Likewise, the relationship between the member
Confederation A confederation (or confederacy), is a permanent union of political units for common action in relation to other units. Usually created by treaty but often later adopting a common constitution, confederations tend to be established for dealing with critical issues (such as defense, foreign affairs, or a common currency), with the central government being required to provide support for all members. The nature of the relationship among the states constituting a confederation varies considerably. Likewise, the relationship between the member states, the central government, and the distribution of powers among them is highly variable. Some looser confederations are similar to intergovernmental organizations and even may permit secession from the confederation. Other confederations with stricter rules may resemble federations. A unitary state or federation may decentralize powers to regional or local entities in a confederal form. In a non-political context, confederation is used to describe a type of organization which consolidates authority from other autonomous (or semi-autonomous) bodies. Examples include sports confederations or confederations of pan-European trades unions. In Canada, the word confederation has an additional, unrelated meaning. Confederation refers to the process of (or the event of) establishing or joining the Canadian federal state. In the context of the history of the indigenous peoples of the Americas, a confederacy may refer to a semi-permanent political and military alliance consisting of multiple nations (or tribes, bands, or villages) which maintained their separate leadership. One of the most well-known is the Iroquois Confederacy, but there were many others during different eras and locations across North America; these include the Wabanaki Confederacy, Western Confederacy, Powhatan Confederacy, Seven Nations of Canada, Pontiac's Confederacy, Illinois Confederation, Tecumseh's Confederacy, Great Sioux Nation, Blackfoot Confederacy, Iron Confederacy, United Confederation of Taino People and Council of Three Fires. Examples. Belgium. Many authors are now speaking of Belgium as a country with some aspects of a confederation. C.E. Lagasse wrote it about the agreements between Belgian Regions and Communities: We are near the political system of a Confederation. Vincent de Coorebyter, Director of the CRISP wrote in Le Soir Belgium is undoubtedly a federation... has some aspects of a confederation. Michel Quévit, Professor at the Catholic University of Leuven wrote also in Le Soir The Belgian political system is already in dynamics of a Confederation. The same author wrote previously about this issue in 1984 with other professors. Nevertheless, the Belgian regions and communities lack the crucial
Retro style Retro is a term used to describe aspects of modern culture which are consciously derivative or imitative of those trends, modes, fashions, or attitudes of the recent past which have or had come to be seen as unfashionable. It generally implies a vintage of at least fifteen or twenty years. For example, clothing from the 1980s or 1990s could be retro. Origin. The word retro derives from the Latin prefix retro, meaning backwards, or in past times – particularly as seen in the words retrograde, implying a movement toward the past instead of a progress toward the future, and retrospective, referring to a nostalgic (or critical) eye toward the past. In the postwar period, it increased in usage with the appearance of the word retrorocket (short for retrograde rocket, a rocket generating thrust in a direction opposite to that of a spacecraft's orbital motion) used by the American space program in the 1960s. In France, the word rétro, an abbreviation for rétrospectif gained cultural currency with reevaluations of Charles de Gaulle and France’s role in World War II. The French mode rétro of the 1970s reappraised in film and novels the conduct of French civilians during the Nazi occupation. The term rétro was soon applied to nostalgic French fashions that recalled the same period. Shortly thereafter it was introduced into English by the fashion and culture press, where it suggests a rather cynical revival of older but relatively recent fashions. (Elizabeth E. Guffey, Retro: The Culture of Revival, pp. 9–22). In Simulacra and Simulation, French theorist Jean Baudrillard describes retro as a demythologization of the past, distancing the present from the big ideas that drove the “modern” age. Specific types of retro. Retro art. The style now called retro art is a genre of pop art which was developed in the 1940s and 1950s in response to a need for bold, eye-catching graphics that were easy to reproduce on simple presses available at the time in major centres. Retro advertising art has experienced a resurgence in popularity since its style is distinctive from modern computer-generated styling. Contemporary artist Anne Taintor uses retro advertising art as the centerpiece for her ongoing commentary on the modern woman. Specific styling features include analog machine design, vintage television program etc. Perhaps the most famous example of a retro pop-art character is the more generalized form of the Ward Cleaver-styled J. R.
Silver nitrate Silver nitrate is an inorganic compound with chemical formula . This compound is a versatile precursor to many other silver compounds, such as those used in photography. It is far less sensitive to light than the halides. It was once called lunar caustic because silver was called luna by the ancient alchemists, who believed that silver was associated with the moon. In solid silver nitrate, the silver ions are three-coordinated in a trigonal planar arrangement. Discovery. Albertus Magnus, in the 13th century, documented the ability of nitric acid to separate gold and silver by dissolving the silver. Magnus noted that the resulting solution of silver nitrate could blacken skin. Its common name at the time was nitric acid silver. Synthesis. Silver nitrate can be prepared by reacting silver, such as a silver bullion or silver foil, with nitric acid, resulting in silver nitrate, water, and oxides of nitrogen. Reaction byproducts depend upon the concentration of nitric acid used. This is performed under a fume hood because of toxic nitrogen oxide(s) evolved during the reaction. Reactions. A typical reaction with silver nitrate is to suspend a rod of copper in a solution of silver nitrate and leave it for a few hours. The silver nitrate reacts with copper to form hairlike crystals of silver metal and a blue solution of copper nitrate: Silver nitrate(aq) also decomposes(g) when heated: Most metal nitrates thermally decompose to the respective oxides, but silver oxide decomposes at a lower temperature than silver nitrate, so the decomposition of silver nitrate yields elemental silver instead. Uses. Precursor to other silver compounds. Silver nitrate is the least expensive salt of silver; it offers several other advantages as well. It is non-hygroscopic, in contrast to silver fluoroborate and silver perchlorate. It is relatively stable to light. Finally, it dissolves in numerous solvents, including water. The nitrate can be easily replaced by other ligands, rendering AgNO3 versatile. Treatment with solutions of halide ions gives a precipitate of AgX (X = Cl, Br, I). When making photographic film, silver nitrate is treated with halide salts of sodium or potassium to form insoluble silver halide in situ in photographic gelatin, which is then applied to strips of tri-acetate or polyester. Similarly, silver nitrate is used to prepare some silver-based explosives, such as the fulminate, azide, or acetylide, through a precipitation reaction. Treatment of silver nitrate with base gives dark grey
Strategic planning Strategic planning is an organization's process of defining its strategy, or direction, and making decisions on allocating its resources to pursue this strategy. In order to determine the future direction of the organization, it is necessary to understand its current position and the possible avenues through which it can pursue particular courses of action. Generally, strategic planning deals with at least one of three key questions: Many organizations view strategic planning as a process for determining where an organization is going over the next year or—more typically—3 to 5 years (long term), although some extend their vision to 20 years, or even (in the case of Mitsubishi) 500 years. George Friedman in The Next 100 Years summarises the fundamental principle of strategic planning: hope for the best, plan for the worst. Key components. The key components of 'strategic planning' include an understanding of an entity's vision, mission, values and strategies. (In the commercial world a Vision Statement and/or a Mission Statement may encapsulate the vision and mission). Organizations sometimes summarize goals and objectives into a mission statement and/or a vision statement. Others begin with a vision and mission and use them to formulate goals and objectives. A newly emerging approach is to use a visual strategic plan such as is used within planning approaches based on outcomes theory. When using this approach, the first step is to build a visual outcomes model of the high-level outcomes being sought and all of the steps which it is believed are needed to get to them. The vision and mission are then just the top layers of the visual model. Many people mistake the vision statement for the mission statement, and sometimes one is simply used as a longer term version of the other. However they are distinct; with the vision being a descriptive picture of a desired future state; and the mission being a statement of a rationale, applicable now as well as in the future. The mission is therefore the means of successfully achieving the vision. This may be in the business world or the military. For an organization's vision and mission to be effective, they must become assimilated into the organization's culture. They should also be assessed internally and externally. The internal assessment should focus on how members inside the organization interpret their mission statement. The external assessment — which includes all of the businesses stakeholders —
Team building Team building is a philosophy of job design in which employees are viewed as members of interdependent teams instead of as individual workers. Team building (which is correctly spelled with two words) refers to a wide range of activities, presented to businesses, schools, sports teams, religious or nonprofit organizations designed for improving team performance. Team building is pursued via a variety of practices, and can range from simple bonding exercises to complex simulations and multi-day team building retreats designed to develop a team (including group assessment and group-dynamic games), usually falling somewhere in between. It generally sits within the theory and practice of organizational development, but can also be applied to sports teams, school groups, and other contexts. Team building is not to be confused with team recreation that consists of activities for teams that are strictly recreational. Team building can also be seen in day-to-day operations of an organization and team dynamic can be improved through successful leadership. Team building is said to have benefits of self-development, positive communication, leadership skills and the ability to work closely together as a team to solve problems. Work environments tend to focus on individuals and personal goals, with reward & recognition singling out the achievements of individual employees. Team building can also refer to the process of selecting or creating a team from scratch. Team dynamic. When assembling a team it is very important to consider the overall dynamic of the team. According to Frank LaFasto, when building a team, five dynamics are fundamental to team success: Goals. The overall goals of team building are to increase the teams understanding of team dynamics and improve how the team works together. Unlike working as a group, working as a team incorporates group accountability rather than individual accountability and results in a collective work product. Team building encourages the team approach to working on a project. Advantages to this approach include: Leadership roles. Successful team leaders frequently contain six of the same leadership abilities: Carl Larson and Frank LaFasto conducted a three year study of over 75 diverse teams. By interviewing key members of each team, Larson & LaFasto identified eight effective strategies a leader should employ to enhance team building: Types of exercises. Team building exercises consist of a variety of tasks designed to develop group members and their ability to work together effectively. There are many types of team
Spriting Spriting is usually defined as the act of creating partially transparent 2D raster graphics for use in video games, commonly referred to as sprites; by extension, it is also used to refer to the act of creating pixel art, though not all sprites are necessarily done in that style. Pixel art comprises a large part of sprite art as a whole; though technological advances since the mid-nineties allowed pre-rendered raytraced imagery, or essentially any 2-dimensional image style to be used as a sprite. In some communities, pixel art is considered a synonym of sprite art, and classification of artwork as sprite art is held to the same standards, though pixel art itself is not limited to the creation of sprites. Though sprites have been a major component of many early video games, the modern, mainstream activity called Spriting arose with the advent of widely-available computer graphics programs capable of editing and saving raster images. Such programs include MacPaint, and the later Microsoft Paint. The distinctive style of imagery used in many early computer and arcade games inspired people to create similar works of their own. Having the tools available to do this allowed many people to experiment with what was previously a prohibitively difficult-to-enter craft. With the advent of the internet, practitioners of spriting were able to collaborate and share their creations, which established spriting as a proper hobby, and also exposed these artists to prospective employers, and vice-versa. Spriting is primarily done for the direct purpose of creating video game artwork, especially by professional artists. By hobbyists, though, it is often done to create stand-alone artwork, or as part of a larger piece of art, such as a web comic. The use of sprites as cookie-cutter elements of comic strips has led to a genre called sprite comics. The technique is also used at web design where sprites are created by CSS as a way to accelerate page loading. By replacing several related images with one sprite sheet and selecting the shown image with CSS properties, the number of data requests and size of files is reduced. Spriting as a hobby. Modified commercial sprites. Despite copyright concerns, many hobbyists new to spriting begin their work by editing sprite imagery made for commercial video games; often games seen on console platforms like the SNES or Sega Genesis. Fans of these images collect transcribed copies of them in common
Intellectual An intellectual is a person who primarily uses intelligence in either a professional or an individual capacity. As a substantive or adjective, it refers to the work product of such persons, to the so-called life of the mind generally, or to an aspect of something where learning, erudition, and informed and critical thinking are the focus. The intellectual is a specific variety of the intelligent, which unlike the general property, is strictly associated with reason and thinking. Many everyday roles require the application of intelligence to skills that may have a psychomotor component, for example, in the fields of medicine, sport or the arts, but these do not necessarily involve the practitioner in the world of ideas. The distinctive quality of the intellectual person is that the mental skills, which he or she demonstrates, are not simply intelligent, but even more, they focus on thinking about the abstract, philosophical and esoteric aspects of human inquiry and the value of their thinking. Traditionally, the scholarly and the intellectual classes were closely identified; however, while intellectuals need not necessarily be actively involved in scholarship, they often have an academic background and will typically have an association with a profession. The term intellectual property is an umbrella term for various laws, some of which may require intellectual work but most don't, and is thus mostly unrelated to the topic of this article. Intellectuals include not only philosophers, interested in epistemology, but also others in the arts and sciences, plus the humanities, with no boundaries as to fields of study. Terminology and endeavours. The term intellectual can denote three types of people. An intellectual is a person who uses thought and reason, intelligence and critical or analytical reasoning, in either a professional or a personal capacity and is: Historical perspectives. In English the term intellectual conveys the general notion of a literate thinker; its earlier usage, as in the title of The Evolution of an Intellectual (1920) by John Middleton Murry, connotes little in the way of public rather than literary activity. Men of letters. The term man of letters (belletrist, from the French belles-lettres), has been used in some Western cultures to denote contemporary intellectual men; the term rarely denotes scholars, and is not synonymous with academic. Originally the term implied a distinction between the literate and the illiterate, which carried great weight when literacy was rare. It also denoted the
Leadership development Leadership development refers to any activity that enhances the quality of leadership within an individual or organization. These activities have ranged from MBA style programs offered at university business schools to action learning, high-ropes courses and executive retreats. Developing Individual Leaders. Traditionally, leadership development has focused on developing the leadership abilities and attitudes of individuals. Just as people are not all born with the ability or desire to play football (soccer) like Zinedine Zidane or sing like Luciano Pavarotti, people are not all born with the ability to lead. Different personal traits and characteristics can help or hinder a person's leadership effectiveness and require formalized programs for developing leadership competencies Yet everyone can develop their leadership effectiveness. Achieving such development takes focus, practice and persistence more akin to learning a musical instrument than reading a book. Classroom-style training and associated reading is effective in helping leaders to know more about what is involved in leading well. However, knowing what to do and doing what you know are two very different outcomes; management expert Henry Mintzberg is one person to highlight this dilemma. It is estimated that as little as 15% of learning from traditional classroom style training results in sustained behavioral change within the workplace. The success of leadership development efforts has been linked to three variables: Military officer training academies, such as the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, go to great lengths to only accept candidates who show the highest potential to lead well. Personal characteristics that are associated with successful leadership development include leader motivation to learn, a high achievement drive and personality traits such as openness to experience, an internal focus of control, and self-monitoring. Development is also more likely to occur when the design of the development program: Among key concepts in leadership development one may find: A good personal leadership development program should enable you to develop a plan that helps you gain essential leadership skills required for roles across a wide spectrum from a youth environment to the corporate world. Developing Leadership at a Collective Level. More recently, organizations have come to understand that leadership can also be developed by strengthening the connection between, and alignment of, the efforts of individual leaders and the systems through which they influence organizational operations. This has led to a differentiation between leader development and leadership development. Quinn [http://www.leighbureau.com/speaker.asp?id=133]'s 1996 book of the same title. Leadership
Lamer Lamer is a jargon or slang name originally applied in cracker and phreaker culture to someone who did not really understand what he or she was doing. Today it is also loosely applied by IRC, BBS, and online gaming users to anyone perceived to be contemptible. In general, the term has come to describe someone who is willfully ignorant of how things work. The term is derived from lame. A lamer is widely understood to be the antithesis of a hacker. While a hacker strives to understand the mechanisms behind what he or she uses, even when such extended knowledge would have no practical value, a lamer only cares to learn the bare minimum necessary to operate the device in the way originally intended. Thus, a lamer is usually indistinguishable from someone who is too lame to understand why something works even if they wanted to. A lamer's attitude is summed up by the phrase, I don't care how it works, just that it does. The usual definition of a lamer is someone who acts lame. That could be using tactics that are generally accepted as overpowered, camping (another gamer term) which means lying in wait all the time without necessarily accomplishing anything useful, jumping around with no purpose. In fact, almost all negative gaming terms fit under the term lamer; the exceptions are terms that apply to newcomers or players who are bad at playing. Origin. In phreak culture, a lamer is one who scams codes off others rather than doing cracks or really understanding the fundamental concepts. In warez culture, where the ability to wave around cracked commercial software within days of (or before) release to the commercial market is much esteemed, the lamer might try to upload garbage or shareware or something incredibly old. This term seems to have originated in the Commodore 64 scene in the mid 1980s. It was popularized among Amiga crackers of the mid-1980s by ‘Lamer Exterminator’, the most famous and feared Amiga virus ever, which gradually corrupted non-write-protected floppy disks with bad sectors. The bad sectors, when looked at, were overwritten with repetitions of the string “LAMER!”. Common new uses. Lamer is now commonly applied to individuals perceived to be contemptible. The proliferation of computer-mediated communication media such as IRC or BBSes may be partly responsible for bringing the term into common parlance. Lamer has become a word used in
Walter Benjamin Walter Bendix Schönflies Benjamin (; 15 July 1892 – 26 September 1940) was a German literary critic, philosopher, social critic, translator, radio broadcaster and essayist. Combining elements of German idealism or Romanticism, historical materialism and Jewish mysticism, Benjamin made enduring and influential contributions to aesthetic theory and Western Marxism, and is associated with the Frankfurt School. Among Benjamin's major works as a literary critic are essays on Goethe's novel Elective Affinities; the work of Franz Kafka and Karl Kraus; translation theory; the stories of Nikolai Leskov; the work of Marcel Proust and perhaps most significantly, the poetry of Charles Baudelaire. He also made major translations into German of the Tableaux Parisiens section of Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du mal and parts of Proust's À la recherche du temps perdu. His turn to Marxism in the 1930s was partly due to the influence of Bertolt Brecht, whose critical aesthetics developed epic theatre and its Verfremdungseffekt (defamiliarisation, alienation). An earlier influence was friend Gershom Scholem, founder of the academic study of the Kabbalah and of Jewish mysticism. Influenced by the Swiss anthropologist Johann Jakob Bachofen (1815–87), Benjamin coined the term auratic perception, denoting the aesthetic faculty by means of which civilization may recover an appreciation of myth. Benjamin's work is often cited in academic and literary studies, especially the essays The Task of the Translator (1923) and The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction (1936). Benjamin committed suicide in Portbou at the French–Spanish border while attempting to escape from the Nazis. Life. Benjamin and his younger siblings, Georg (1895–1942) and Dora (1901–1946) were born to a wealthy business family of assimilated Ashkenazi Jews in the Berlin of the German Empire (1871–1918). The patriarch, Emil Benjamin, was a banker in Paris who relocated from France to Germany, where he worked as an antiques trader in Berlin; he later married Pauline Schönflies. He owned a number of investments in Berlin, including ice skating rinks. In 1902, ten-year-old Walter was enrolled to the Kaiser Friedrich School in Charlottenburg; he completed his secondary school studies ten years later. Walter Benjamin was a boy of fragile health and so in 1905 the family sent him to Hermann-Lietz-Schule Haubinda, a boarding school in the Thuringian countryside, for two years; in 1907, having returned to Berlin, he resumed his schooling at the Kaiser Friedrich School. In 1912, at the age of twenty, he enrolled
Mentorship Mentorship is a personal developmental relationship in which a more experienced or more knowledgeable person helps to guide a less experienced or less knowledgeable person. However, true mentoring is more than just answering occasional questions or providing ad hoc help. It is about an ongoing relationship of learning, dialogue, and challenge. The person in receipt of mentorship may be referred to as a protégé (male), a protégée (female), an apprentice or, in recent years, a mentee. Mentoring is a process that always involves communication and is relationship based, but its precise definition is elusive. One definition of the many that have been proposed, is Mentoring in Europe has existed since at least Ancient Greek times. Since the 1970s it has spread in the United States of America mainly in training contexts and it has been described as an innovation in American management. Historical. The roots of the practice are lost in antiquity. The word itself was inspired by the character of Mentor in Homer's Odyssey. Though the actual Mentor in the story is a somewhat ineffective old man, the goddess Athena takes on his appearance in order to guide young Telemachus in his time of difficulty. Historically significant systems of mentorship include the guru - disciple tradition practiced in Hinduism and Buddhism, Elders, the discipleship system practiced by Rabbinical Judaism and the Christian church, and apprenticing under the medieval guild system. Mentoring techniques. The focus of mentoring is to develop the whole person and so the techniques are broad and require wisdom in order to be used appropriately. A 1995 study of mentoring techniques most commonly used in business found that the five most commonly used techniques among mentors were: Different techniques may be used by mentors according to the situation and the mindset of the mentee, and the techniques used in modern organizations can be found in ancient education systems, from the Socratic technique of harvesting to the accompaniment method of learning used in the apprenticeship of itinerant cathedral builders during the Middle Ages. Leadership authors Jim Kouzes and Barry Posner advise mentors to look for teachable moments in order to expand or realize the potentialities of the people in the organizations they lead and underline that personal credibility is as essential to quality mentoring as skill. Typology. There are two broad types of mentoring relationships: formal and informal. Informal relationships develop on their own between partners.
Modern Library The Modern Library is an American publishing company. Founded in 1917 by Albert Boni and Horace Liveright as an imprint of their publishing company Boni & Liveright, it was purchased in 1925 by Bennett Cerf and Donald Klopfer. Random House began in 1927 as a subsidiary of the Modern Library, but eventually became the parent company. Recent history. The Modern Library originally published only hardbound books. In 1950, it began publishing the Modern Library College Editions, a forerunner of its current series of paperback classics. From 1955 to 1960, the company published a quality numbered paperback series, but discontinued it in 1960, when the series was merged into the newly acquired Vintage paperbacks group. The Modern Library homepage states: In 1998, novelist David Ebershoff became the Modern Library's new Publishing Director. Ebershoff managed the imprint until 2005, resigning to concentrate on his own writing and to become editor-at-large at Random House. In September 2000, the Modern Library initiated a newly designed Paperback Classics series. Six new titles are published in the series on the second Tuesday of each month. Modern Library lists. At its onset the Modern Library identified itself as The Modern Library of the World's Best Books. In keeping with that brand identity, in 1998 the editors created a list they called the Modern Library List of Best 20th-Century Novels, numbering 100 titles. Plus, they conducted an unscientific internet poll of public opinion, then produced a readers' list. (The lists were actually restricted to works in English, but titles of the lists do not represent this, and little attention was paid to that fact in publicity for the lists.) The 'top ten' of the editors' list is shown here—and the two '100 Best Novels' lists are linked below. According to a New York Times article about the list, Both lists have incurred criticism. Their ranking system concerned many professional scholars and critics. The board members themselves, who did not create the rankings and were unaware of it until the list was published, expressed disappointment and puzzlement. There are only eight or nine women on the list, some very influential works are ranked below works of questionable literary merit, and the works of major writers from many English-speaking countries apart from the USA and England—such as Australia, India, Canada, and South Africa—have been ignored. There were also hypotheses that the Modern Library merely made a selection
Occupational Safety and Health Administration The United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is an agency of the United States Department of Labor. Congress established the agency under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, which President Richard M. Nixon signed into law on December 29, 1970. OSHA's mission is to assure safe and healthful working conditions for working men and women by setting and enforcing standards and by providing training, outreach, education and assistance. The agency is also charged with enforcing a variety of whistleblower statutes and regulations. OSHA is currently headed by Assistant Secretary of Labor David Michaels. History. OSHA officially formed on April 28, 1971, the date that the OSH Act became effective. George Guenther was appointed as the agency's first director. OSHA has developed a number of training, compliance assistance, and health and safety recognition programs throughout its history. The OSHA Training Institute, which trains government and private sector health and safety personnel, began in 1972. In 1978, the agency began a grantmaking program, now called the Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, to train workers and employers in reducing workplace hazards. OSHA started the Voluntary Protection Programs in 1982, which allows employers to apply as model workplaces to achieve special designation if they meet certain requirements. Health and safety standards. The Occupational Safety and Health Act allows OSHA to issue workplace health and safety regulations. These regulations include limits on chemical exposure, employee access to information, requirements for the use of personal protective equipment, and requirements for safety procedures. In its first year of operation, OSHA was permitted to adopt regulations based on guidelines set by certain standards organizations, such as the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists, without going through all of the requirements of a typical rulemaking. In 2000, OSHA issued an ergonomics standard. In March 2001, Congress voted to repeal the standard through the Congressional Review Act. The repeal, one of the first major pieces of legislation signed by President George W. Bush, is the only instance that Congress has successfully used the Congressional Review Act to block a regulation. Between 2001 and 2011, OSHA has issued just four new health and safety standards; during this period, the agency has promulgated regulations at a far slower rate than during any other decade in the agency's history. Enforcement. OSHA is responsible for enforcing its standards on regulated entities. The agency sends Compliance Safety
Heap overflow A heap overflow is a type of buffer overflow that occurs in the heap data area. Heap overflows are exploitable in a different manner to that of stack-based overflows. Memory on the heap is dynamically allocated by the application at run-time and typically contains program data. Exploitation is performed by corrupting this data in specific ways to cause the application to overwrite internal structures such as linked list pointers. The canonical heap overflow technique overwrites dynamic memory allocation linkage (such as malloc meta data) and uses the resulting pointer exchange to overwrite a program function pointer. A typical example on Linux is two buffers allocated next to each other on the heap, writing beyond the boundary of the first buffer allows overwriting meta data in the second buffer. By setting the in-use bit to zero of the second buffer and setting the length to a small negative value which allows null bytes to be copied, when the program calls free() on the first buffer it will attempt to merge these two buffers into a single buffer. When this happens, the buffer that is assumed to be freed will be expected to hold two pointers FD and BK in the first 8 bytes of the formerly allocated buffer. BK gets written into FD and can be used to overwrite a pointer. However due to various reasons this is no longer possible. Consequences. An accidental overflow may result in data corruption or unexpected behavior by any process which uses the affected memory area. On operating systems without memory protection, this could be any process on the system. A deliberate exploit may result in data at a specific location being altered in an arbitrary way, or in arbitrary code being executed. The Microsoft JPEG GDI+ vulnerability MS04-028 is an example of the danger a heap overflow can represent to a computer user. iOS jailbreaking often uses heap overflows to gain arbitrary code, usually for kernel exploits to achieve the ability to replace the kernel with the one jailbreak provides. Detection and prevention. As with buffer overflows there are primarily three ways to protect against heap overflows. Several modern operating systems such as Windows and Linux provide some implementation of all three. Since version 2.3.6 the GNU libc includes protections that can detect heap overflows after the fact, for example by checking pointer consistency when calling unlink. While those protections protect
Bachelor of Civil Law Bachelor of Civil Law (abbreviated BCL or B.C.L.) is the name of various degrees in law conferred by English-language universities. Historically, it originated as a postgraduate degree in the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, but many universities now offer the BCL as an undergraduate degree. Reference to civil law was not originally in contradistinction to common law, but to canon law, although it is true that common law was not taught in the civil law faculties in either university until at least the second half of the 18th century. However, some universities in English-speaking countries use the degree in the former sense. Postgraduate degrees. The modern BCL: Oxford. In Oxford, the degree of Bachelor of Civil Law (BCL) is a taught postgraduate degree in English law, occupying a similar position as the Master of Laws (LLM) programmes of other British universities, but specifically for common law degree holders. Students with civil law degrees following the same programme are awarded the degree of Magister Juris (MJur). The Oxford BCL and MJur are widely considered to be among the most academically demanding postgraduate taught law courses in the Common Law world. The course differs from many LLM programmes insofar as it provides not only seminar- and lecture- format teaching, but also the intensive small-group tutorials that characterize Oxbridge's famous undergraduate Tutorial system. The principal mode of assessment for the BCL and MJur are end-of-year examinations held in Oxford's Examination Schools after the end of Trinity Term. The degree is either an overall pass or an overall distinction, the latter requiring more than 70 marks in 2 or more of the 4 courses and not less than 60 in any of the courses. The Faculty of Civil Law in Oxford was so named to distinguish it from the faculty of canon law which was abolished in both universities by King Henry VIII in 1535. The syllabus consisted entirely of Roman civil law until the establishment of the Vinerian Professorship of English Law in 1758. Undergraduate examinations in law were not established until 1850, with the separate BA undergraduate honour school of Jurisprudence being established in 1872. The historical BCL: elsewhere. The Faculty of Civil Law in Cambridge was renamed the Faculty of Laws after the teaching of English common law was introduced in the 19th century. The initial postgraduate degree in the faculty became the LLB, before being
Salmiya Salmiya (Arabic السالمية; transliterated As-Sālmiah) is a district of the Hawalli Governorate in the State of Kuwait. Geography. Salmiya is located southeast of Kuwait City and is one of the largest areas in Kuwait consisting of both commercial and residential areas. As of January 2007, Salmiya contains a population of 223,646 and is arguably Kuwait's flagship district being a major cultural and commercial hub. It is well connected to the rest of the country having a multitude of significant highways and roads passing through it en route to the capital, Kuwait City. Salmiya is administratively divided into 12 blocks. The blocks located closer to the interior of the district tend to be mostly residential, while those located beside the Persian Gulf coastline have a great deal of commercial and up-scale residential real estate. The interior residential areas boast a huge population of foreigners consisting mainly of those from the Indian sub-continent and other Arabs who are not native to the Persian Gulf area. Facilities. Salmiya is also host to numerous mosques, an aquarium, a Scientific Center, an IMAX movie theater, football stadium, medical centers, a Roman Catholic Chapel, the district passport office (Jawazat) and a well-equipped park beside the 5th Ring Road. Notable malls include the Souk Salmiya Mega-mall, Marina Mall in the Marina World shopping and entertainment district, and the Omniya mall. The Gulf Road is coveted for its amazing sea vistas and is the main hub for new construction of future buildings and renovations. A boulevard passing through much of coastal Salmiya is a reflection of Kuwait's drive to modernity. The Salem Al-Mubarak Street shopping districts, commonly known as Salmiya Center, runs down the outer blocks of Salmiya. It is one of the oldest and largest shopping districts of Kuwait. It is a remnant of Kuwait's once numerous traditional souk bazaars, similar to the ones located in Jleeb Al-Shuyoukh and Kuwait City. Well known in the past for pearls, gold and jewellery, it now consists of a wide array of world-renowned retail giants and local outlets. Much of the old souk had been built over, but the feel and atmosphere of the past albeit remains visible at the traditional precincts of this shopping district. The experience varies from modernized (and Westernized) in the strip malls, to a true Kuwaiti experience on some of the back streets. It is notable to point out that the more eastward
Quinoline Yellow WS Quinoline yellow, Quinoline Yellow WS, C.I. 47005, or Food Yellow 13, is a yellow food dye with a maximum absorption wavelength of 416 nm.p. 119 Chemically it is a mixture of disulfonates (principally), monosulfonates and trisulfonates of 2-(2-quinolyl) indan-1,3-dione. The color Quinoline Yellow SS (Spirit Soluble), which lacks the sulfonate groups, is a related form that is insoluble in water. Uses. Quinoline Yellow is used as a greenish yellow food additive, designated in Europe as the E number E104. Health effects. A study commissioned by the UK's Food Standards Agency found that a mixture of food colors in combination with preservatives may increase observed symptoms of hyperactivity and may decrease levels of intelligence in children, but it is unclear which component of the mixture may be responsible for the effects. Quinoline yellow is one of the colors that the Hyperactive Children's Support Group recommends be eliminated from the diet of children. UK ministers have agreed that six colorings will be phased out by 2009. The EFSA decided on 23 September 2009 to tighten the allowed Acceptable Daily Intake for Quinoline Yellow WS from 10 mg/kg to 0.5 mg/kg bodyweight per day. It has been reported to cause genotoxicity, dermatitis, urticaria and rhinitis. The color additive can also increase the intake of aluminium beyond the tolerable weekly intake (TWI) of 1 mg/kg/week. Therefore the limit for aluminium may become adjusted to accommodate for this. Also the EFSA panel noted that the JECFA limit for lead is ≤ 2 mg/kg whereas the European Commission limit is ≤ 10 mg/kg.  
Pantip Plaza Pantip Plaza is an indoor IT shopping mall located on New Phetchaburi Road in Ratchathewi district, Bangkok, Thailand. The sale of counterfeit software and DVDs is one of the reasons for its success and notoriety. Trading hours. Pantip Plaza is open daily from 10 AM to 9 PM. The stores within the plaza are free to operate their own hours. However, by 10 AM to 10.30 AM many stores aren't open and by 7:30 PM to 8 PM, many of the stores are already closing down. Stores. The mall has two anchors, IT City, which occupies the top floor, and Data IT on the mezzanine level. There are hundreds of small shops specialising in computer hardware, software and accessories, including parts, repair, modifications, networking, second hand, laptops, Macintosh and peripherals Hardware. Shops in Pantip Plaza offer a wide selection of new and second-hand computers from most of the major manufacturers, together with a selection of second hand and custom equipment. A wide variety of other electronic equipment, including digital cameras, printers, music players, and games consoles, is also available. Software, Games, and Films. Pantip Plaza is a major source of unauthorized copies of software, with software for both Windows and Mac readily available. Applications software and games, together with pirated copies of music and films, including the pornographic variety, are sold from many of the stalls on the lower three floors. Some legitimate software is available, but it is less popular and versions on sale are often obsolete ones. Food and Drink. Pantip Plaza has some restaurants on the ground floor, while food Courts on the mezzanine level and second floor offer a wide selection of Thai cuisine, desserts and drinks. Other branches. Pantip Plaza 2. Pantip Plaza 2 is on Ngamwongwan Road in province of Nonthaburi. Pantip Bangkapi. Pantip Bangkapi is on Bangkapi Road in the province of Bangkok. Opened in May 2010 with 5 floors, it contains many brand name flagship stores such as Hewlett-Packard, Acer and VAIO. Although it has fewer stores than the original Pantip Plaza, it is one of the largest IT malls in the area. Chiang Mai. In Chiang Mai, there is a Pantip Plaza on the corner of Chang Klan Road (Night Bazar) and Sri Donchai Road. It also has a food court. In popular culture. Pantip Plaza is featured in a hit song by Loso, Pantip, which has a
John L. Lewis John Llewellyn Lewis (February 12, 1880 – June 11, 1969) was an American leader of organized labor who served as president of the United Mine Workers of America (UMW) from 1920 to 1960. A major player in the history of coal mining, he was the driving force behind the founding of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO), which established the United Steel Workers of America and helped organize millions of other industrial workers in the 1930s. After resigning as head of the CIO in 1941, he took the Mine Workers out of the CIO in 1942 and in 1944 took the union into the American Federation of Labor (AFL). A leading liberal, he played a major role in helping Franklin D. Roosevelt win a landslide in 1936, but as an isolationist broke with Roosevelt in 1940 on FDR's anti-Nazi foreign policy. Lewis was a brutally effective and aggressive fighter and strike leader who gained high wages for his membership while steamrolling over his opponents, including the United States government. Lewis was one of the most controversial and innovative leaders in the history of labor, gaining credit for building the industrial unions of the CIO into a political and economic powerhouse to rival the AFL, yet was widely hated as he called nationwide coal strikes damaging the American economy in the middle of World War II. His massive leonine head, forest-like eyebrows, firmly set jaw, powerful voice and ever-present scowl thrilled his supporters, angered his enemies, and delighted cartoonists. Coal miners for 40 years hailed him as the benevolent dictator who brought high wages, pensions and medical benefits, and damn the critics. __TOC__ Early life and rise to power. Lewis was born in Cleveland, Iowa, the son of Thomas H. Lewis and Ann Watkins Lewis, both of whom had immigrated from Wales. Cleveland was a company town built around a coal mine one mile east of Lucas. The mother was a Mormon and the boy adopted her rigid views regarding alcohol and sexual propriety, but not her religion. He attended three years of high school in Des Moines and at the age of 17 went to work in the Big Hill Mine at Lucas. In 1907 he ran for mayor of Lucas and launched a feed-and-grain distributorship. Both were failures and Lewis returned to coal mining; in 1906 was elected a delegate to the United Mine Workers
Kate Hudson Kate Garry Hudson (born April 19, 1979) is an American actress. She came to prominence in 2001 after winning a Golden Globe and receiving several nominations, including a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, for her role in Almost Famous. She then starred in the hit film How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (2003) which gained her wider fame. She has since established herself in Hollywood after starring in several productions including Raising Helen (2004), The Skeleton Key (2005), You, Me and Dupree (2006), Fool's Gold (2008) and Bride Wars (2009). She also appeared in the musical comedy-drama television series Glee as Cassandra July. Early life. Hudson was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Academy Award–winning actress Goldie Hawn and Bill Hudson, an actor, comedian, and musician. Her parents divorced eighteen months after her birth; she and her brother, actor Oliver Hudson, were raised in Snowmass, Colorado by her mother and her mother's long-time boyfriend, actor Kurt Russell. Hudson has stated that her biological father doesn't know me from a hole in the wall, and that she considers Russell to be her father. Her biological father has indicated that he has made several efforts to connect with Kate and Oliver, but neither has reciprocated. Hudson has described her mother as the woman that I've learned the most from, and who I look up to, who has conducted her life in a way that I can look up to. She has four half-siblings: Emily and Zachary Hudson, from her biological father's subsequent marriage to actress Cindy Williams; Lalania Hudson, from his relationship with another woman; and Wyatt, from her mother's relationship with Russell. Hudson is of Italian (from her paternal grandmother), English, Hungarian Jewish, German, as well as very distant Dutch descent. She was raised in her maternal grandmother's Jewish religion. In 1997, she graduated from Crossroads, a college preparatory school in Santa Monica. She was accepted to New York University but chose to pursue an acting career instead of an undergraduate degree. Career. Hudson's breakthrough was as Penny Lane in Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous (2000), for which she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She had previously appeared in the lesser-known films Gossip, a teenage drama, and 200 Cigarettes, a New Year's-set comedy with a large
Miner A miner is a person who extracts ore, coal, or other minerals from the earth through mining. There are two conceptions as to what this includes. In its narrowest understanding, miners are solely those persons who work at the face cutting, blasting, or otherwise working and removing the rock. In the broader understanding, a miner also includes any other laborer working within a mine, not just working the rock itself. This article will consider this broader concept. There have been miners since humans first began mining. In regions with a long mining tradition, many communities have developed cultural traditions and aspects specific to the various regions, in the forms of particular equipment, symbolism, music, and the like. Roles. Different miners have different roles in the working of a mine, depending on the type of mine, its operations, and the point in time and technology, as well as the qualifications of the individual miner. Many of the roles are specific to a type of mining, such as to coal mining. Roles considered to be miners in the narrower concept have included: Other laborer roles within mines that did not involve breaking rock (and thus fit the broader definition of miner) have included: In addition to miners, other number of other laborers work on the surface for the mining operation: Modern miners. Miner employment is expected to grow at an average rate as other good jobs. The basics of mining includes finding, extracting, and preparing minerals, metals and coal. These products are used by utilities and manufacturing industries. Miners also supervise the construction of underground mine operations and create ways to transport the extracted minerals to processing plants. Miners use the principals of math and science to develop economical solutions to technical problems. They often work on new products considering a variety of factors and evaluate a final design for cost, safety, effectiveness, and reliability. In addition, miners are required to work in production, maintenance, and testing. Nanotechnology is a new aspect being introduced into mining. In most cases, a bachelor's degree in engineering, mining engineering or geological engineering is required. Jobs requiring research often require a degree in engineering. Because technology is constantly changing, miners need to continue their education. Hazards. This text has been ratified by 70 countries, 28 of which have denounced. Mining is one of the most dangerous trades in the world. In some countries miners
Surgeon General of the United States The Surgeon General of the United States is the operational head of the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (PHSCC) and thus the leading spokesperson on matters of public health in the federal government of the United States. The Surgeon General's office and staff are known as the Office of the Surgeon General (OSG). The U.S. Surgeon General is nominated by the President of the United States and confirmed by a majority vote of the Senate. The Surgeon General serves a four-year term of office and, depending on whether the current Assistant Secretary for Health is a PHSCC commissioned officer or not, is the senior or second-highest ranking uniformed officer of the PHSCC, holding the rank of a vice admiral. The current Acting Surgeon General is Rear Admiral Boris Lushniak, who was named to the position following Regina Benjamin's resignation on July 16, 2013. Responsibilities. The Surgeon General reports to the Assistant Secretary for Health (ASH), who may be a four-star admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (PHSCC), and who serves as the principal advisor to the Secretary of Health and Human Services on public health and scientific issues. The Surgeon General is the overall head of the Commissioned Corps, a 6,500-member cadre of health professionals who are on call 24 hours a day, and can be dispatched by the Secretary of HHS or the Assistant Secretary for Health in the event of a public health emergency. The Surgeon General is also the ultimate award authority for several public health awards and decorations, the highest of which that can be directly awarded is the Surgeon General's Medallion (the highest award bestowed by board action is the Public Health Service Distinguished Service Medal). The Surgeon General also has many informal duties, such as educating the American public about health issues and advocating healthy lifestyle choices. The office also periodically issues health warnings. Perhaps the best known example of this is the Surgeon General's Warning labels that can be found on all packages of American cigarettes. A similar health warning appears on alcoholic beverages. History. In 1798, Congress established the Marine Hospital Service—predecessor to today’s United States Public Health Service—to provide health care to sick and injured merchant seamen. In 1870, the Marine Hospital Service was reorganized as a national hospital system with centralized administration under a medical officer, the Supervising
Marion Davies Marion Davies (January 3, 1897 – September 22, 1961) was an American film actress, producer, screenwriter, and philanthropist. Davies was already building a solid reputation as a film comedienne when newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst, with whom she had begun a romantic relationship, took over management of her career. Hearst financed Davies pictures, promoted her heavily through his newspapers and Hearst Newsreels, and pressured studios to cast her in historical dramas for which she was ill suited. For this reason, Davies is better remembered today as Hearst's mistress and the hostess of many lavish events for the Hollywood elite. In particular, her name is linked with the 1924 scandal aboard Hearst's yacht where one of his guests, film producer Thomas Ince, died. In the film Citizen Kane (1941), the title character's wife—an untalented singer whom he tries to promote—was widely assumed to be based on Davies. But many commentators, including Citizen Kane writer/director Orson Welles himself, have defended Davies' record as a gifted actress, to whom Hearst's patronage did more harm than good. She retired from the screen in 1937, choosing to devote herself to Hearst and charitable work. In Hearst's declining years, Davies provided financial as well as emotional support until his death in 1951. She married for the first time eleven weeks after his death, a marriage which lasted until Davies died of stomach cancer in 1961 at the age of 64. Early life. Davies was born Marion Cecilia Douras on January 3, 1897, in Brooklyn, the youngest of five children born to Bernard J. Douras (1857–1935), a lawyer and judge in New York City; and Rose Reilly (1867–1928). Her father performed the civil marriage of Gloria Gould Bishop. Her elder siblings included Rose, Reine, and Ethel. A brother, Charles, drowned at the age of 15 in 1906. His name was subsequently given to Davies' favorite nephew, screenwriter Charles Lederer, the son of Davies' sister Reine Davies. The Douras family lived near Prospect Park in Brooklyn. The sisters changed their surname to Davies, which one of them spotted on a real-estate agent's sign in the neighborhood. Even at a time when New York was the melting pot for new immigrants, having a British surname greatly helped one's prospects – the name Davies has Welsh origins. Educated in a New York convent, Davies left school to pursue a career. She worked as a model and posed
Marisa Tomei Marisa Tomei (; born December 4, 1964) is an American stage, film, and television actress. Following her work on As The World Turns, Tomei came to prominence as a supporting cast member on The Cosby Show spinoff A Different World in 1987. After appearing in a few films, her breakthrough came in 1992 with the comedy My Cousin Vinny, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Appearing in many films over the past fifteen years, her most commercially successful films to date are What Women Want (2000), Anger Management (2003), and Wild Hogs (2007). She received critical acclaim for her performances in Unhook the Stars (1996), Slums of Beverly Hills (1998), and Before the Devil Knows You're Dead (2007) and received Academy Award nominations for her performances in In the Bedroom (2001) and The Wrestler (2008). Life and career. 1964–83: Early life and career beginnings. Tomei was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Patricia Adelaide Addie Tomei (née Bianchi), an English teacher, and Garrett A. Tomei, a trial lawyer. She has a younger brother, actor Adam Tomei, and was partly raised by her paternal grandparents, Rita and Romeo Tomei. Both of Tomei's parents are of Italian descent. Her maternal grandmother is from Sicily, Tomei's maternal grandfather is from Tuscany, and her father is also of Sicilian descent. Tomei grew up in the Midwood neighborhood of Brooklyn. While there, she became captivated by the Broadway shows her theater-loving parents took her to and drawn to acting as a career. At Andries Hudde Junior High School, she played the part of Hedy LaRue in a school production of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. After graduating from Edward R. Murrow High School in 1982, she attended Boston University for a year. 1984–2002: Breakthrough and critical success. Tomei followed up As the World Turns in 1986 with a role on the sitcom A Different World as Maggie Lauten during the first season. Her film debut was a minor role in the 1984 comedy film The Flamingo Kid, with Matt Dillon. Following several small films, her breakthrough comedic performance came in the 1992 film My Cousin Vinny, for which she received critical praise. Critic Vincent Canby wrote, Ms. Tomei gives every indication of being a fine comedian, whether towering over Mr. Pesci and trying to look small, or arguing about a leaky faucet
Chloë Sevigny Chloë Stevens Sevigny (; born November 18, 1974) is an American film actress, fashion designer and former model, born in Springfield, Massachusetts. Sevigny gained reputation for her eclectic fashion sense and developed a broad career in the fashion industry in the mid-1990s, both for modeling and for her intern work at New York's Sassy Magazine, which labeled her the new It Girl at the time, garnering her attention within New York's fashion scene. Sevigny made her film debut with a leading role in the controversial film Kids (1995), written by Harmony Korine, which led to an Independent Spirit Award nomination for her performance. A long line of roles in generally well received independent and often avant-garde films throughout the decade established Sevigny's reputation as an indie film queen. In 1999, Sevigny won eight acting awards and gained serious critical and commercial recognition for her first mainstream role in the critically lauded Boys Don't Cry, for which she also received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actress. Sevigny continued acting in mostly independent art house films, such as American Psycho (2000), Party Monster (2003), The Brown Bunny (2003) and Dogville (2003). In 2006, Sevigny gained a leading role in the HBO television series Big Love, for which she received a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress in 2010. Additionally, Sevigny has two Off-Broadway theatre credits, and has starred in several music videos. She has also designed several wardrobe collections, most recently with Manhattan's Opening Ceremony boutique. Early life. Chloë Stevens Sevigny was born in Springfield, Massachusetts and raised in Darien, Connecticut by her mother, Janine (née Malinowski)—who is a Polish American—and father, H. David Sevigny, an accountant turned interior painter of French Canadian heritage. Sevigny's father died of cancer in 1996. She has an older brother, Paul, who is now a New York disc jockey. Sevigny often spent summers attending theatre camp, with leading roles in plays run by the YMCA; she had always aspired to be an actress despite her interest waxing and waning over the years. Sevigny would often play dress up as a child with trunks of clothing her mother would buy for her at local secondhand shops describing it as instinctual for her. She was raised in a Roman Catholic household, and attended Darien High School, where she was a member of the Alternative Learning Program. While in high school, she
Donato Bramante Donato Bramante (1444 – 11 March 1514) was an Italian architect, who introduced Renaissance architecture to Milan and the High Renaissance style to Rome, where his plan for St. Peter's Basilica formed the basis of design executed by Michelangelo. His Tempietto (San Pietro in Montorio) marked the beginning of the High Renaissance in Rome (1502) when Alexander VI appointed him to build a sanctuary that allegedly marked the spot where Peter was crucified. Urbino and Milan. Bramante was born under the name Donato di Pascuccio d'Antonio, in Fermignano near Urbino: here, in 1467 Luciano Laurana was adding to the Palazzo Ducale an arcaded courtyard and other Renaissance features to Federico da Montefeltro's ducal palace. Bramante's architecture has eclipsed his painting skills: he knew the painters Melozzo da Forlì and Piero della Francesca well, who were interested in the rules of perspective and illusionistic features in Mantegna's painting. Around 1474, Bramante moved to Milan, a city with a deep Gothic architectural tradition, and built several churches in the new Antique style. The Duke, Ludovico Sforza, made him virtually his court architect, beginning in 1476, with commissions that culminated in the famous trompe-l'oeil choir of the church of Santa Maria presso San Satiro (1482–1486). Space was limited, and Bramante made a theatrical apse in bas-relief, combining the painterly arts of perspective with Roman details. There is an octagonal sacristy, surmounted by a dome. In Milan, Bramante also built the tribune of Santa Maria delle Grazie (1492–99); other early works include the Cloisters of Sant'Ambrogio, Milan (1497–1498), and some other constructions in Pavia and possibly Legnano. However, in 1499, with his Sforza patron driven from Milan by an invading French army, Bramante made his way to Rome, where he was already known to the powerful Cardinal Riario. Rome. Bramante also worked on several other commissions. Among his earliest works in Rome, before the Basilica's construction was under way, is the cloister (1500–1504) of Santa Maria della Pace near Piazza Navona. The handsome proportions give an air of great simplicity.  
Drowning Drowning is the process of experiencing respiratory impairment from submersion/immersion in liquid. Near drowning is the survival of a drowning event involving unconsciousness or water inhalation and can lead to serious secondary complications or death, possibly up to 72 hours after the event. It occurs more frequently in males and the young. Drowning itself is quick and silent, although it may be preceded by distress which is more visible. A person drowning is unable to shout or call for help, or seek attention, as they cannot obtain enough air. The instinctive drowning response is the final set of autonomic reactions in the 20 – 60 seconds before sinking underwater, and to the untrained eye can look similar to calm safe behavior. Lifeguards and other persons trained in rescue learn to recognize drowning people by watching for these instinctive movements. Drowning is the 3rd leading cause of unintentional injury death worldwide, accounting for 7% of all injury related deaths (est. 388,000 deaths by drowning in 2004, excluding those due to natural disasters), with 96% of these deaths occurring in low-income and middle-income countries. In many countries, drowning is one of the leading causes of death for children under 12 years old. For example, in the United States, it is the second leading cause of death (after motor vehicle crashes) in children 12 and younger. The rate of drowning in populations around the world varies widely according to their access to water, the climate and the national swimming culture. The following definition was accepted by the World Congress on Drowning in 2002 and subsequently by the World Health Organisation in 2005: Drowning is the process of experiencing respiratory impairment from submersion/immersion in liquid. This definition does not imply fatality, or even the necessity for medical treatment after removal of the cause, nor that any fluid necessarily enters the lungs. The WHO further recommended Drowning outcomes should be classified as: death, morbidity, and no morbidity. There was also consensus that the terms wet, dry, active, passive, silent, and secondary drowning should no longer be used. Classification. Experts differentiate between distress and drowning. They also divide drowning into passive and active: Signs and symptoms. Drowning is most often quick and unspectacular. Its media depictions as a loud, violent struggle have much more in common with distressed non-swimmers, who may well drown but have not yet begun. In particular, an asphyxiating person is
Golden spiral In geometry, a golden spiral is a logarithmic spiral whose growth factor is Phi, the golden ratio. That is, a golden spiral gets wider (or further from its origin) by a factor of for every quarter turn it makes. Formula. The polar equation for a golden spiral is the same as for other logarithmic spirals, but with a special value of the growth factor : or with e (mathematical constant) being the base of natural logarithms, being an arbitrary positive real constant, and such that when is a right angle (a quarter turn in either direction): Therefore, is given by The numerical value of depends on whether the right angle is measured as 90 degrees or as formula_5 radians; and since the angle can be in either direction, it is easiest to write the formula for the absolute value of formula_6 (that is, can also be the negative of this value): An alternate formula for a logarithmic and golden spiral is: where the constant is given by: which for the golden spiral gives values of: if is measured in degrees, and if is measured in radians. Approximations of the golden spiral. There are several similar spirals that approximate, but do not exactly equal, a golden spiral. These are often confused with the golden spiral. For example, a golden spiral can be approximated by first starting with a rectangle for which the ratio between its length and width is the golden ratio. This rectangle can then be partitioned into a square and a similar rectangle and the rectangle can then be split in the same way. After continuing this process for an arbitrary amount of steps, the result will be an almost complete partitioning of the rectangle into squares. The corners of these squares can be connected by quarter-circles. The result, though not a true logarithmic spiral, approximates a golden spiral (See image on top right). Another approximation is a Fibonacci spiral, which is constructed similarly to the above method except that you start with a rectangle partitioned into 2 squares and then in each step add to the rectangle's longest side a square of the same length. Since the ratio between consecutive fibonacci numbers approaches the golden ratio as the Fibonacci numbers approach infinity, so too does this spiral get more similar to the previous approximation the more squares are added. (See image on middle right). Spirals
Adelbert Ames Adelbert Ames (October 31, 1835April 13, 1933) was an American sailor, soldier, and politician. He served with distinction as a Union Army general during the American Civil War. As a Radical Republican and a Carpetbagger, he was military governor, Senator and civilian governor in Reconstruction-era Mississippi. In 1898 he served as a United States Army general during the Spanish-American War. Ames was the last substantive general officer of the Civil War to die, dying at age 97 in 1933. Early life and career. Adelbert ( ) Ames was born in 1835 in the town of Rockland, located in Knox County, Maine. He was the son of a sea captain named Jesse Ames. Adelbert Ames also grew up to be a sailor, becoming a mate on a clipper ship, and also served briefly as a merchant seaman on his own father's ship. On July 1, 1856, he entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, and was still there when the American Civil War began in 1861. Civil War service. Ames graduated from the United States Military Academy on May 6, 1861, standing fifth in his class of 45. On that same date he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 2nd U.S. Artillery. Eight days later he was promoted to first lieutenant and was assigned to the 5th U.S. Artillery. During the First Battle of Bull Run that July, Ames was badly wounded in the right thigh but refused to leave his guns. He was brevetted to the rank of major on July 21 for his actions during Bull Run. In 1893 Ames would also receive the Medal of Honor for his performance there. Returning to duty the following spring, Ames was part of the defenses of Washington, D.C.. He then fought in the Peninsula Campaign, and saw action at the Battle of Yorktown from April 5 to May 4, the Battle of Gaines' Mill on June 27, and the Battle of Malvern Hill that July. Ames was commended for his conduct at Malvern Hill by Col. Henry J. Hunt, chief of the artillery of the Army of the Potomac, and he received a brevet promotion to lieutenant colonel on July 1. Although Ames was becoming an excellent artillery officer, he realized that significant promotions would be available only in the infantry. He returned to Maine and politicked to receive a commission as a regimental commander
Golden rectangle A golden rectangle is one whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, formula_1, which is formula_2 (the Greek letter phi), where formula_3 is approximately 1.618. A distinctive feature of this shape is that when a square section is removed, the remainder is another golden rectangle; that is, with the same aspect ratio as the first. Square removal can be repeated infinitely, in which case corresponding corners of the squares form an infinite sequence of points on the golden spiral, the unique logarithmic spiral with this property. According to astrophysicist and mathematics popularizer Mario Livio, since the publication of Luca Pacioli's Divina Proportione in 1509, when with Pacioli's book, the Golden Ratio started to become available to artists in theoretical treatises that were not overly mathematical, that they could actually use, many artists and architects have been fascinated by the presumption that the golden rectangle is considered aesthetically pleasing. The proportions of the golden rectangle have been observed in works predating Pacioli's publication. Construction. A golden rectangle can be constructed with only straightedge and compass by this technique:  
Mockingbird Mockingbirds are a group of New World passerine birds from the Mimidae family. They are best known for the habit of some species mimicking the songs of other birds and the sounds of insects and amphibians, often loudly and in rapid succession. There are about 17 species in three genera. These do not appear to form a monophyletic lineage: Mimus and Nesomimus are quite closely related; their closest living relatives appear to be some thrashers, such as the Sage Thrasher. Melanotis is more distinct; it seems to represent a very ancient basal lineage of Mimidae. Darwin and mockingbirds. When the survey voyage of HMS Beagle visited the Galápagos Islands in September to October 1835, the naturalist Charles Darwin noticed that the mockingbirds Mimus thenca differed from island to island, and were closely allied in appearance to mockingbirds on the South American mainland. Nearly a year later when writing up his notes on the return voyage he speculated that this, together with what he had been told about Galápagos tortoises, could undermine the doctrine of stability of species. This was his first recorded expression of his doubts about species being immutable, which led to him being convinced about the transmutation of species and hence evolution.  
Thrasher Thrashers are a New World group of passerine birds related to mockingbirds and New World catbirds. Like these, they are in the Mimidae family. There are 15 species in one large and 4 monotypic genera. These do not form a clade but are a phenetic assemblage. It is rather likely than not — though by no means robustly supported — that the Sage Thrasher is a basal lineage among a group also consisting of mockingbirds and Toxostoma thrashers. The Caribbean thrashers occupy varying positions in an assemblage consisting of them, the tremblers, and the New World catbirds. Here, the White-breasted Thrasher appears to be quite basal though it is impossible to place it anywhere with certainty, whereas the Pearly-eyed Thrasher is probably quite close to the tremblers. (Hunt et al. 2001, Barber et al. 2004) Their common name describes the behaviour of these birds when searching for food on the ground: they use their long bills to thrash through dirt or dead leaves. All of these birds eat insects and several species also eat berries. Taxonomic list. Genus Oreoscoptes Genus Toxostoma – typical thrashers Genus Ramphocinclus Genus Allenia – formerly in Margarops Genus Margarops   
Battle of Manila Bay The Battle of Manila Bay took place on 1 May 1898, during the Spanish-American War. The American Asiatic Squadron under Commodore George Dewey engaged and destroyed the Spanish Pacific Squadron under Admiral Patricio Montojo. The battle took place in Manila Bay in the Philippines, and was the first major engagement of the Spanish-American War. The battle was one of the most decisive naval battles in history and marks the end of the Spanish colonial period in Philippine history. Prelude. Americans living on the West Coast of the United States feared a Spanish attack at the outbreak of the Spanish-American War. Only a few U.S. Navy warships, led by the U.S.S. Olmypia, stood between them and a powerful Spanish fleet. Admiral Montojo, who had been dispatched rapidly to the Philippines, was equipped with a variety of obsolete vessels. Efforts to strengthen his position amounted to little. The Spanish bureaucracy knew they could not win a war and saw resistance as little more than a face-saving exercise. Administration actions worked against the effort, sending explosives meant for naval mines to civilian construction companies while the Spanish fleet in Manila was seriously undermanned by inexperienced sailors who had not received any training for over a year. Reinforcements promised from Madrid resulted in only two poorly-armored scout cruisers being sent while at the same time the authorities transferred a squadron from the Manila fleet under Admiral Pascual Cervera to reinforce the Caribbean. Montojo compounded his difficulties by placing his ships outside the range of Spanish coastal artillery (which might have evened the odds) and choosing a relatively shallow anchorage. His intent seems to have been to spare Manila from bombardment and to allow any survivors of his fleet to swim to safety. The harbor was protected by six shore batteries and three forts whose fire during the battle proved to be ineffective. Only Fort San Antonio Abad had guns with enough range to reach the American fleet, but Dewey never came within their range during the battle. Battle. At 7 p.m. on 30 April, Montojo was informed that Dewey's ships had been seen in Subic Bay that morning. As Manila Bay was considered unnavigable at night by foreigners, Montojo expected an attack the following morning. The American Consul in Manila, however, had provided Dewey with detailed information on the state of the Spanish defenses and the lack of preparedness
British North America British North America referred to the colonies and territories of the British Empire in continental North America. The term was first used informally in 1783, but it was uncommon before the Report on the Affairs of British North America (1839), called the Durham Report. In 1775 the British Empire included 20 territories north of New Spain. These were Newfoundland, Rupert's Land, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, the Thirteen Colonies (which later united to become the United States after independence from the United Kingdom), East and West Florida, and the Province of Quebec. Britain had acquired Quebec from France and East and West Florida from Spain by the Treaty of Paris (1763), which ended the Seven Years' War. Spain regained the Floridas and the United States of America, upon acknowledgement of their sovereignty, acquired the part of Quebec south of the Great Lakes by the Treaty of Paris (1783). Nova Scotia was split into modern-day Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in 1784. The part of Quebec retained after 1783 was split into the primarily French-speaking Lower Canada and the primarily English-speaking Upper Canada in 1791. After the War of 1812, the Treaty of 1818 established the 49th parallel as the United States–British North America border from Rupert's Land west to the Rocky Mountains. Britain gave up Oregon south of the 49th parallel, which was part of the Hudson's Bay Company's Columbia District, under the Oregon Treaty of 1846. The boundary of British North America with Maine was finally determined by Webster-Ashburton Treaty of 1842. The Canadas were united into the Province of Canada in 1841. On July 1, 1867, an Act of the British Parliament called the British North America Act formed the Dominion of Canada from the Province of Canada, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia. The former Province of Canada was split back into its pre-1841 parts, with Canada East (Lower Canada) renamed Quebec, and Canada West (Upper Canada) renamed Ontario. These were the original four provinces of Canada. In 1869, Rupert's Land was annexed to Canada as the Northwest Territories (NWT), and in 1870 a part of the NWT, Manitoba, became a province of Canada. The west-coast British colony north of the 49th parallel, British Columbia, joined Confederation in 1871, and Prince Edward Island joined in 1873. The boundary of British Columbia with Washington Territory was settled by arbitration in 1872, and with Alaska by
Emperor Reigen Reigen's reign spanned the years from 1663 through 1687. Genealogy. Before Reigen's ascension to the Chrysanthemum Throne, his personal name (imina) was ; and his pre-accession title was . Reigen was the 16th son of Emperor Go-Mizunoo. His mother was the daughter of Minister of the Center Sonomotooto (内大臣園基音), Lady in Waiting Kuniko (新広義門院国子). Regien's Imperial family lived with him in the Dairi of the Heian Palace. This family included at least 13 sons and 14 daughters: His posthumous name was created during the Meiji Era by combining the kanji from the names of two previous Emperors, Emperor Kōrei (孝霊) and Emperor Kōgen (孝元). Events of Reigen's life. Emperor Reigen's memory is honored and preserved at his designated Imperial mausoleum (misasagi), Tsukinowa no misasagi at Sennyū-ji in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto. His immediate Imperial predecessors since Emperor Go-Mizunoo – Meishō, Go-Kōmyō and Go-Sai are also enshrined along with his immediate Imperial successors, including Higashiyama, Nakamikado, Sakuramachi, Momozono, Go-Sakuramachi and Go-Momozono. Kugyō. In general, this elite group included only three to four men at a time. These were hereditary courtiers whose experience and background would have brought them to the pinnacle of a life's career. During Reigen's reign, this apex of the Daijō-kan included: Eras of Reigen's reign. The years of Reigen's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengō.  
Legal instrument Legal instrument is a legal term of art that is used for any formally executed written document that can be formally attributed to its author, or contractual duty, obligation, or right, and therefore evidences that act, process, or agreement. Examples include a certificate, deed, bond, contract, will, legislative act, notarial act, court writ or process, or any law passed by a competent legislative body in municipal (domestic) or international law. Many legal instruments were written under seal by affixing a wax or paper seal to the document in evidence of its legal execution and authenticity (which often removes the need for consideration in contract law); however, today many jurisdictions have done away with the requirement of documents being under seal in order to give them legal effect. Others, such as Australia, have re-interpreted sealing as a formally attested signature. Electronic legal documents. With the onset of the Internet and electronic equipment such as the personal computers and cell-phones, legal instruments or formal legal documents have undergone a progressive change of dematerialisation. In this electronic age, document authentication can now be verified digitally using various software. All documents needing authentication can be processed as digital documents with all the necessary information such as date and time stamp imbedded. To prevent tampering or unauthorized changes to the original document, encryption is used. In modern times, authentication is no longer limited to the type of paper used, the specialized seal, stamps, etc., as document authentication software helps secure the original context. The use of electronic legal documents is most prominent in the United States' courts. Most United States' courts prefer the filing of electronic legal documents over paper. However, there is not yet a public law to unify the different standards of document authentication. Therefore, one must know the court's requirement before filing court papers. To address part of this concern, the United States Congress enacted the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act in 2000 (P.L. 106-229 of 2000, 15 USCS sec. 7001) specifying that no court could thereafter fail to recognize a contract simply because it was digitally signed. The law is very permissive, making essentially any electronic character in a contract sufficient. It is also quite restrictive in that it does not force the recognition of some document types in electronic form, no matter what the electronic character might be. No restriction is made to signatures
Syriac Catholic Church The Syriac Catholic Church ( ʿīṯo suryaiṯo qaṯolīqaiṯo) is a Christian church in the Levant having practices and rites in common with the Syriac Orthodox Church. Being one of the 22 Eastern Catholic Churches the Syriac Catholic Church has full autonomy and is a self-governed sui iuris Church. The Patriarch of Antioch of this church has the title of Patriarch of Antioch and all the East of the Syrians. and resides in Beirut. Mor Ignatius Joseph III Younan became patriarch in 2009. History. The Syriac Catholic Church belongs to the See of Antioch (which, prior to his departure to Rome, Saint Peter had established) and extends it roots back to the origins of Christianity in the Orient. And in the Acts of the Apostles we are told that it is in Antioch where the followers of Jesus for the first time were called Christians (Acts 11:26). In the time of the first Ecumenical Councils, the Patriarch of Antioch held the ecclesiastical authority over the Diocese of the Orient, which was to be extended from the Mediterranean Sea to the Persian Gulf. Its scholarly mission in both languages: the Greek and Syriac was to provide the world and the Universal Church with eminent saints, scholars, hermits, martyrs and pastors. Among these great people are Saint Ephrem (373), Doctor of the Church, Saint Jacob of Sarug (521) Dionysius Bar Salibi (1171), Gregorius X Bar Hebraeus (1286) and more recently Bishop Mor Flavianus Michael Malke. Organisation. Leadership. In modern history the leaders of the Syriac Catholic Church have been among others: Patriarch Michael III Jarweh, Archbishop Clemens Daoud, Patriarch Ephrem Rahmani, Vicomte de Tarrazi, Monsignor Ishac Armaleh, Ignatius Gabriel I Tappuni, Chorbishop Gabriel Khoury-Sarkis, Ignatius Antony II Hayyek, Ignatius Moses I Daoud, Ignatius Peter VIII Abdalahad, and Ignatius Joseph III Yonan. The Syriac Church leadership has produced a variety of scholarly writings in a variety of topics. For example Patriarch Ephrem Rahmani was widely praised for his work in Syriac and is responsible for Pope Benedict XV recognising Saint Ephrem as a Doctor of the Church. Likewise Patriarch Ignatius Behnam II Beni is known for imploring eastern theology to defend the Primacy of Rome. The Patriarch of Antioch and all the East of the Syrians presides upon the Patriarchal Eparchy of Beirut and leads spiritually all the Syriac Catholic Community around the world. The community includes two archdioceses in
Convair Convair was an American aircraft manufacturing company which later expanded into rockets and spacecraft. The company was formed in 1943 by the merger of Vultee Aircraft and Consolidated Aircraft, and went on to produce a number of pioneering aircraft, such as the Convair B-36 bomber, and the F-102 Delta Dagger and F-106 Delta Dart. It also manufactured the first Atlas rockets, including the rockets that were used for the pioneering manned orbital flights of Project Mercury. The company's subsequent Atlas-Centaur design continued this success and derivatives of the design remain in use as of 2010. In 1994 most of the company's divisions were sold by then-owners General Dynamics to McDonnell Douglas and Lockheed, with the remaining components deactivated in 1996. Origins. The Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, whose name was in the course of time changed to Convair, was an American aircraft, rocket, and spacecraft company for the design, development, and manufacturing of aerospace products. It existed as a company from 1943 until 1994, although the Consolidated Aircraft company had existed before that, and had produced aircraft that were important in the early years of World War II, especially the B-24 Liberator heavy bomber and the PBY Catalina for the U.S. Navy, the Royal Canadian Air Force, the British flying forces, and some others. The Catalina remained in production through May 1945, and a total of over 4,000 of them were built. What was soon to be called Convair (first unofficially, and then officially), was created in 1943 by the merger of the Consolidated Aircraft Company and the Vultee Aircraft Company. This merger produced a large airplane company ranked fourth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts, higher than the giants like Douglas Aircraft, Boeing, and Lockheed. Convair always had most of its research, design, and manufacturing operations in San Diego County of Southern California, and nearby counties, though other locations were involved, as well. Jet Age, Cold War, and Space Age. In March 1953, all of the Convair company was bought by the General Dynamics Corporation, a conglomerate of military and high-technology companies, and it became officially the Convair Division within General Dynamics. After the beginning of the Jet Age of military fighters and bombers, Convair was a pioneer of the delta-winged aircraft design, along with the French Dassault aircraft company, which designed and built the Mirage fighter planes. One of Convair's most famous
Joycelyn Elders Minnie Joycelyn Elders (born Minnie Lee Jones on August 13, 1933) is an American pediatrician and public health administrator. She was a vice admiral in the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and the first African American appointed as Surgeon General of the United States. Elders is best known for her frank discussion of her views on controversial issues such as drug legalization and distributing contraception in schools. She was fired mid-term in December 1994 amidst controversy. She is currently a professor emerita of pediatrics at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences. Early life and education. Elders was born Minnie Lee Jones in Schaal, Arkansas, to a poor farm family, and was the eldest of eight children. In college, she changed her name to Minnie Joycelyn Lee. In 1952, she received her B.S. degree in Biology from Philander Smith College in Little Rock, Arkansas, where she also pledged Delta Sigma Theta. After working as a nurse's aide in a Veterans Administration hospital in Milwaukee for a period, she joined the United States Army in May 1953. During her 3 years in the Army, she was trained as a physical therapist. She then attended the University of Arkansas Medical School, where she obtained her M.D. degree in 1960. After completing an internship at the University of Minnesota Hospital and a residency in pediatrics at the University of Arkansas Medical Center, Elders earned an M.S. degree in Biochemistry in 1967. Career and Tenure as U.S. Surgeon General. Elders has received a National Institutes of Health career development award, also serving as assistant professor in pediatrics at the University of Arkansas Medical Center from 1967. She was promoted to associate professor in 1971 and professor in 1976. Her research interests focused on endocrinology, and she received board certification as a pediatric endocrinologist in 1978, becoming the first person in the state of Arkansas to do so. She became an expert on childhood sexual development. Elders received a D.Sc. degree from Bates College in 2002. In 1987, then-Governor Bill Clinton appointed Elders as Director of the Arkansas Department of Health. Her accomplishments in this position included a tenfold increase in the number of early childhood screenings annually and almost a doubling of the immunization rate for two-year-olds in Arkansas. In 1992, she was elected President of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officers. In January 1993, Bill Clinton appointed her
United Empire Loyalist The name United Empire Loyalists is an honorific given after the fact to those American Loyalists who resettled in British North America and other British Colonies as an act of loyalty to King George III after the British failure in the American Revolutionary War and prior to the Treaty of Paris. Reasons for their movement north range from loyalty to Britain, to a rejection of the republican ideals of the American Revolution, to an offer of free land in British North America. Many were prominent Americans whose ancestors had originally settled in the early 17th century, while a portion were recent settlers in the Thirteen Colonies with few economic or social ties. Many had their property confiscated by the revolutionaries. These Loyalists settled in what was initially Quebec (including the Eastern Townships) and modern-day Ontario, where they received land grants of per person, and in Nova Scotia (including modern-day New Brunswick). Their arrival marked the beginning of a predominantly English-speaking population in the future Canada west and east of the Quebec border. Loyalists from the slave-owning regions of the American South brought their slaves with them as slavery was also legal in Canada. Some 2000 slaves arrived in British North America: Some 500 in Upper Canada (Ontario), some 300 in Lower Canada (Quebec) but some 1200 in the main area of resettlement, the Maritime colonies of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. The presence and condition of the latter population would become a particular issue, as the community was large in number and the original purpose, in most cases, of their purchase - to work the sugar-plantations - no longer applied. In due course many would be freed and returned to Africa, together with existing freedmen, to be re-settled yet again, this time in the designated colony for freedmen, Sierra Leone. Meanwhile an imperial law in 1790 assured prospective immigrants to Canada that their slaves would remain their property. From 1793, the trade in, but not the possession of, slaves was abolished in the colony of Upper Canada. The trade in slaves was abolished across the British Empire in 1807 and the abolition of possession was completed across the Empire in 1834. Most Black Loyalists were free, however, having been given their freedom from slavery by fighting for the British or joining British lines during the Revolution. The government also helped them resettle in
Sergeant Sergeant (normally abbreviated to Sgt) is a rank used in some form by most militaries, police forces, and other uniformed organizations around the world. Its origins are the Latin serviens, one who serves, through the French term sergent. In most armies the rank of sergeant is classified by NATO as OR-5 and corresponds to command of a squad (or section). In Commonwealth armies, it is a more senior rank OR-6, corresponding roughly to a platoon second-in-command. In the United States Army, sergeant is a more junior rank corresponding to a four-man fireteam leader (OR-4), while still equivalent to OR-5. More senior non-commissioned ranks are often variations on sergeant, for instance staff sergeant, regimental sergeant major, sergeant first class, master sergeant, first sergeant and sergeant major. The spelling serjeant is used in a few regiments of the British Army. Usage. In most non-naval military or paramilitary organizations, the various grades of sergeant are non-commissioned officers (NCOs) ranking above privates and corporals, and below warrant officers and commissioned officers. The responsibilities of a sergeant differ from army to army. There are usually several ranks of sergeant, each corresponding to greater experience and responsibility for the daily lives of the soldiers of larger units. In medieval European usage, a sergeant was simply any attendant or officer with a protective duty. The etymology of the term is from Anglo-French sergant, serjant, from Latin servient, serviens, to serve. Australia. Defence force. Sergeant (SGT) is a rank in both the Australian Army and the Royal Australian Air Force. The ranks are equivalent to each other and the Royal Australian Navy rank of petty officer. Although the rank insignia of the RAAF rank of flight sergeant (FSGT) and the Australian Army rank of staff sergeant (SSG) are identical, flight sergeant in fact outranks the rank of staff sergeant in the classification of rank equivalencies. The Australian Army rank of staff sergeant is now redundant and is no longer awarded, due to being outside the rank equivalencies and the next promotional rank is warrant officer class two. The ranks of chief petty officer, warrant officer class two and flight sergeant fall in-line with US E-8. Chief petty officers and flight sergeants should provide the courtesy of calling a warrant officer class two sir, as the warrant class two holds the Queen's warrant. Police. The rank of sergeant exists in all Australian police forces and is more
Appeal to fear An appeal to fear (also called argumentum ad metum or argumentum in terrorem) is a fallacy in which a person attempts to create support for an idea by using deception and propaganda in attempts to increase fear and prejudice toward a competitor. The appeal to fear is common in marketing and politics. Logic. This fallacy has the following argument form: The argument is invalid. The appeal to emotion is used in exploiting existing fears to create support for the speaker's proposal, namely P. Also, often the false dilemma fallacy is involved, suggesting Q is the proposed idea's sole alternative. Fear, uncertainty and doubt. Fear, uncertainty and doubt (FUD) is the appeal to fear in sales or marketing; in which a company disseminates negative (and vague) information on a competitor's product. The term originated to describe misinformation tactics in the computer hardware industry and has since been used more broadly. FUD is implicit coercion by any kind of disinformation used as a competitive weapon. FUD creates a situation in which buyers are encouraged to purchase by brand, regardless of the relative technical merits. Opponents of certain large computer corporations state that the spreading of fear, uncertainty, and doubt is an unethical marketing technique that these corporations consciously employ. As persuasion. Fear appeals are often used in marketing and social policy, as a method of persuasion. Fear is an effective tool to change attitudes, which are moderated by the motivation and ability to process the fear message. Examples of fear appeal include reference to social exclusion, and getting laid-off from one's job, getting cancer from smoking or involvement in car accidents and driving. Fear appeals are nonmonotonic, meaning that the level of persuasion does not increase in proportion to the amount of fear that is used. A study of public service messages on AIDS found that if the messages were too aggressive or fearful, they were rejected by the subject; a moderate amount of fear is the most effective attitude changer. Others argue that it is not the level of fear that is decisive changing attitudes via the persuasion process. Rather, as long as a scare-tactics message includes a recommendation to cope with the fear, it can work.  
