Research Design and Standards Organization The Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) is an ISO 9001 research and development organisation under the Ministry of Railways of India, which functions as a technical adviser and consultant to the Railway Board, the Zonal Railways, the Railway Production Units, RITES and IRCON International in respect of design and standardisation of railway equipment and problems related to railway construction, operation and maintenance. History. To enforce standardisation and co-ordination between various railway systems in British India, the Indian Railway Conference Association (IRCA) was set up in 1903. It was followed by the establishment of the Central Standards Office (CSO) in 1930, for preparation of designs, standards and specifications. However, till independence in 1947, most of the designs and manufacture of railway equipments was entrusted to foreign consultants. After independence, a new organisation called Railway Testing and Research Centre (RTRC) was set up in 1952 at Lucknow, for undertaking intensive investigation of railway problems, providing basic criteria and new concepts for design purposes, for testing prototypes and generally assisting in finding solutions for specific problems. In 1957, the Central Standards Office (CSO) and the Railway Testing and Research Centre (RTRC) were integrated into a single unit named Research Designs and Standards Organisation (RDSO) under the Ministry of Railways with its headquarters at Manaknagar, Lucknow. The status of RDSO was changed from an Attached Office to a Zonal Railway on April 1, 2003, to give it greater flexibility and a boost to the research and development
The Death of Bunny Munro The Death of Bunny Munro is the second novel written by Nick Cave, best known as the lead singer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. His first novel, And the Ass Saw the Angel, was published in 1989. The novel deals with Bunny Munro, a middle aged lothario whose constant womanising and alcohol abuse comes to a head after the suicide of his wife. A travelling door to door beauty product salesman, he and his son go on an increasingly out of control road trip around Brighton, over which looms the shadow of a serial killer making his way towards Brighton, as well as Bunny's own mortality. The novel is set in Brighton in 2003, around the time the West Pier was destroyed by fire. Many of the locations and street names used in the book relate to real places close to Cave's own home. The novel was also released as an audiobook, using a 3D audio effect produced and sound directed by British artists Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard, with a soundtrack by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis and in a number of Ebook formats including an Enhanced Editions iPhone application that synchronises the audiobook with the text, and includes exclusive videos of Nick reading. A series of live events took place in late 2009 to promote the book under the title of A Night with Nick Cave, combining music, readings and a Q&A session with the audience. Reception. Irvine Welsh, Neil
Management of prostate cancer Treatment for prostate cancer may involve active surveillance, surgery, radiation therapy including brachytherapy (prostate brachytherapy) and external beam radiation therapy, High-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU), chemotherapy, cryosurgery, hormonal therapy, or some combination. Which option is best depends on the stage of the disease, the Gleason score, and the PSA level. Other important factors are the man's age, his general health, and his feelings about potential treatments and their possible side effects. Because all treatments can have significant side effects, such as erectile dysfunction and urinary incontinence, treatment discussions often focus on balancing the goals of therapy with the risks of lifestyle alterations. The selection of treatment options may be a complex decision involving many factors. For example, radical prostatectomy after primary radiation failure is a very technically challenging surgery and may not be an option. This may enter into the treatment decision. If the cancer has spread beyond the prostate, treatment options significantly change, so most doctors that treat prostate cancer use a variety of nomograms to predict the probability of spread. Treatment by watchful waiting/active surveillance, HIFU, external beam radiation therapy, brachytherapy, cryosurgery, and surgery are, in general, offered to men whose cancer remains within the prostate. Hormonal therapy and chemotherapy are often reserved for disease that has spread beyond the prostate. However, there are exceptions: Radiation therapy may be used for some advanced tumors, and hormonal therapy is used for some early stage tumors. Cryotherapy (the process of freezing the tumor), hormonal therapy, and
Cheetah reintroduction in India Reintroduction of the cheetah in India involves the artificial re-establishment of a population of cheetahs into areas where they had previously existed but were hunted into extinction by the British colonial officers and Indian royalty. A part of the reintroduction process is the identification and restoration of their former grassland scrub forest habitats. This is within the scope of the duties of the local forest department of each State, where relocation occurs, through the use of Indian Central Government funding. Background. History. Until the 20th century, the Asiatic cheetah was quite common and roamed all the way from Arabia to Iran, Afghanistan and India. In India, they ranged as far south as the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu. The Asiatic cheetah, also known as the hunting leopard in India was kept by kings and princes to hunt gazelle; the Moghul emperor Akbar kept them for hunting gazelle and blackbucks. He was said to have had 1,000 cheetahs at one time for assisting in his royal hunts. Trapping of large numbers of adult Indian cheetahs, who had already learned hunting skills from wild mothers, for assisting in royal hunts is said to be another major cause of the species rapid decline in India as they never bred in captivity with only one record of a litter ever. Extinction. By the beginning of the twentieth century, the species was already heading for extinction in many areas. The last physical evidence of the Asiatic cheetah in India was
Langtang National Park The Langtang National Park is the fourth national park in Nepal and was established in 1976 as the first Himalayan national park. The protected area exceeds an altitudinal range of and covers an area of in the Nuwakot, Rasuwa and Sindhulpalchok districts of the central Himalayan region encompassing 26 Village Development Committees. It is linked with the Qomolangma National Nature Preserve in Tibet. The high altitude sacred lake of Gosainkunda falls within the park. The Gosainkunda lake ()and the Dorje Lakpa range () bisect the park from east–west to south–east. The summit of Langtang Lirung () is the highest point in the park. The northern and eastern border of the national park coincide with the international border to Tibet. The western boundary follows the rivers Bhote Kosi and Trisuli. The southern border lies north of the Kathmandu Valley. It is part of the Sacred Himalayan Landscape. Entrance fee is 1000 Nepali Rupees. History. In 1970, royal approval designated the establishment of Langtang National Park as the first protected area in the Himalayas. The national park was gazetted in 1976 and extended by a buffer zone of in 1998. Under the Buffer Zone Management Guidelines the conservation of forests, wildlife and cultural resources received top priority, followed by conservation of other natural resources and development of alternative energy. Climate. The climate of the park is dominated by the southwest summer monsoon. Temperatures vary greatly due to the extreme difference in altitude in the entire area. Most of
Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park is the ninth national park in Nepal and was established in 2002. It is located in the country's mid-hills on the northern fringe of the Kathmandu Valley and named after Shivapuri Peak of altitude. It covers an area of in the districts of Kathmandu, Nuwakot and Sindhupalchowk, adjoining 23 Village Development Committees. In the west, the protected area extends to the Dhading District. History. The area has always been an important water catchment area, supplying the Kathmandu Valley with several hundred thousands cubic liter of water daily. In 1976, the area was established as a protected watershed and wildlife reserve. In 2002, it was gazetted as Shivapuri National Park, initially covering . It was extended by the Nagarjun Forest Reserve covering in 2009. Climate. The park is located in a transition zone between subtropical and temperate climate. The annual precipitation of about falls mostly from May to September, with 80% during monsoon. Temperatures vary from during the winter season, rising to during the summer season. Vegetation. The typical vegetation of the park is middle hill forest from of altitude, consisting of: On higher elevation a variety of medicinal herbs prosper. Botanists have recorded 129 species of mushrooms and 2,122 floral species, out of which 449 are vascular and 16 are endemic plants. Fauna. Since 2002 several surveys were carried out to determine the faunal diversity of the protected area. In a field study carried out from July 2003 to July 2004,
Bob Benmosche Robert H. Bob Benmosche (born May 29, 1944) is the president and chief executive officer of American International Group (NYSE: AIG). Benmosche was appointed President & Chief Executive Officer by the US Department of Treasury and AIG Board of Directors to succeed Edward M. Liddy. Benmosche is best known for his leadership at American International Group where he led a turnaround, improved profits 60% year over year, and paid down government aid pledged by the Bush and Obama Administrations. __NOTOC__ Early life. Benmosche was born in Brooklyn, New York. Benmosche traced his Jewish lineage back to Lithuania where his great-grandfather, Moshe Kreiskol, was one of the first Jews to serve in the tsar’s army in the 1830s. Benmosche’s grandfather, Rabbi Herman Benmosche moved the family to the United States in 1894. Benmosche’s father passed away when Benmosche was 10 years old, leaving him, his three siblings, and his mother with $250,000 in debt and the unfinished Patio Motel, in Monticello, New York. The family kept the motel; the young Benmosche did housekeeping, caddying, and operated the switchboard. Benmosche’s first job, as a teenager, was a truck driver delivering Coca-Cola. Benmosche attended Alfred University . In 1966, he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics. From 1966-1968, Benmosche served as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Army, serving a tour of duty in Korea in the U.S. Signal Corps where he led the setup of field communications. Career. Benmosche began his career when he joined Arthur D. Little
Lady Apache Sandra González Calderón (born June 26, 1970) is a Mexican professional wrestler or Luchadora, best known under the ring name Lady Apache. González's ring name comes from the family name of Mario Balbuena González who wrestles under the name Gran Apache; whom she was married to when she made her wrestling debut in 1986 but later divorced. Through her marriage to Gran Apache she was the step mother of Faby Apache and Mari Apache, both professional wrestlers. González' second husband was Jesus Alvarado Nieves, better known as Brazo de Oro, a professional wrestler, current head of the wrestlers union and CMLL booker. Her third and current husband is Edgar Luna Pozos, AAA's Electroshock, she is also the sister-in-law to Charly Manson (Jesus Luna Pozos). As Lady Apache, González has mainly worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Mexico's two largest professional wrestling promotions during her career, switching back and forth several times. González is a three time CMLL World Women's Champion, a two time Mexican National Women's Champion, two time AAA Reina de Reinas (Spanish for Queen of Queens) and one half of the AAA World Mixed Tag Team Championship with husband Electroshock. On August 20, 2010 it was announced that Lady Apache was pregnant and for that reason had to stop wrestling for at least seven months. She made her return to the wrestling ring at a CMLL event on July 31, 2011.  
Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released on 28 September 2009 by Epic Records. Its first two singles from the album, Stone Cold Sober and New York, both peaked within the top twenty in the United Kingdom. The album spawned three more singles: Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?, Upside Down and Smoke & Mirrors. The album received positive reviews from critics. Since its release, the album spent 106 weeks on the UK Albums Chart and peaked at number 9. It was announced on 1 March 2013 that the album had been certified 2× Platinum with sales exceeding 600,000 copies. To promote the album Faith embarked her first concert Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful Tour in 12 February 2010 which visited Europe. Background. During her time at college, Faith worked in a pub where the manager asked her to front his band, which they later called 'Paloma and the Penetrators'. During a performance with the band at a cabaret show, Faith was scouted by an A&R man from Epic Records, who invited Faith to sing for the manager of the label. Twenty minutes into the audition, Faith asked the manager to turn his phone off and when he refused, she walked out. Epic A&R Joanna Charrington told HitQuarters When she played a showcase for us it was clear that she was a star
Philippine Fault System The Philippine Fault System is an inter-related system of faults throughout the whole of the Philippine Archipelago, primarily caused by tectonic forces compressing the Philippines into what tectonic geophysicists call the Philippine Mobile Belt. Philippine Mobile Belt. The Philippine Mobile Belt is composed of a large number of accretionary blocks and strips. Most strips are long and narrow like the Zambales ophiolites which is at least 400 km long and 50 km wide. The strips generally run north-south and the zones of convergence are usually demarcated by fault lines. The Philippine Mobile Belt is compressed on the west by the Eurasian Plate and two arms of the Sunda Plate, and on the east by the Philippine Sea Plate. These tectonic plates have compressed and lifted parts of the Philippines causing extensive faulting, primarily on a north-south axis. All faults in the Philippines are inter-related by the tectonic forces causative of the Philippine Mobile Belt, or its tectonic induced volcanism. A more complete understanding can be gained by viewing the faults in the Philippines as an inter-related Philippine Fault System. Philippine Fault. The main fault runs most of the length of the Philippines and is called the Philippine Fault (see Gallery). It extends from Davao Gulf in the south, bisects CARAGA region at the Agusan River basin, crosses to Leyte and Masbate islands, and traverses Quezon province in eastern Luzon before passing through Nueva Ecija up to the Ilocos region in northwest Luzon. Here, the fault has
Abandoned pets Abandoned pets are both exotic pets and companion animals that are either inadvertently or purposely cast off by their owners. This commonly occurs when an owner passes away, or when a pet becomes disruptive or grows too large. The financial crisis of 2007–2010 has resulted in a number of pets abandoned for economic reasons. Typical of this group are pets left behind when the owner's home is foreclosed. These animals can be left alone on the property or dropped off at a shelter. They are often discovered after the foreclosure process, when the realtor or bank enters the home. Animals fortunate enough to survive until they are discovered are often in poor condition due to lack of resources such as food and water. Abandonment. Pets are abandoned for a variety of reasons. Often, when abandoned, pets are forced to fend for themselves, and become feral. In particular, cats and dogs go to colonies. Feral cats are said to outnumber feral dogs. Feral cats are difficult to deal with, as often they become impossible to socialize enough to be re-introduced to a new human owner. In general, only newly abandoned cats and very young feral kittens can be tamed. Foreclosure pets. Currently the exact number of foreclosure pets is unknown. People often drop animals off at a shelter and claim they are moving, when in fact they are leaving due to foreclosure. However, it is thought the numbers are climbing due to high foreclosure rates. As homeowners run
Chadalavada Umesh Chandra Chadalavada Umesh Chandra (Telugu: చదలవాడ ఉమేశ్ చంద్ర, March 29, 1966 – September 4, 1999) was one of the most reputed Police officers in the history of Andhra Pradesh. In his tenure as Superintendent of Police of Cuddapah district, he restored normal conditions within a short time. He was called 'Cuddapah tiger' by the people of Cuddapah. Early life. Umesh Chandra was born on March 29, 1966 at Pedapudi, Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh to Chadalavada Venugopala Rao and Nayanatara. He studied at Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet. He was graduated (B.A.) from Nizam College in 1987 and M.A. in Economics from Osmania University in 1989. He was university topper and Gold medalist in the graduate and postgraduate examinations. Professional life. He was selected for Indian Police Service in 1991 and underwent training in National Police Academy, Hyderabad. He was posted as Assistant Superintendent of Police in Warangal (Rural) between October 1992 to October 1994. He started a highly successful public awareness campaign entitled Jana Jaagruti. He was later shifted to Pulivendula, where in he has worked between November 1, 1994 to February 2, 1995. He was returned to Warangal as Officer on Special Duty. He continued his work in the district apprehending criminals, helping the common man, uplifting the spirits of the police force, and projecting the humane side of the police force. The attitude of the people towards the police changed markedly during his tenure in the Warangal district. He planned and executed with precision strategems
Texts From Last Night Texts From Last Night (TFLN) is a regularly updated blog that re-posts short text messages submitted by its users. The site tends to post texts that are shocking or scandalous. The texts are sent in by people who wake in the morning to find regrettable messages sent to or from their mobile phones. The receiver then sends the allegedly discovered text into this website. The copies of the messages do not show the phone numbers, but only area codes. Since the texts are often similar to late night drunk dials, they're often graphic and sexual in nature, thus not safe for work. From a sociological perspective, the website is a living document of twentysomething life in 2009. While TFLN has many blackout drinking, sex, and vomit stories, there is also an extended discussion taking place about morality. The texts show how humans interact with drugs and alcohol. We see the cause and effect of last night’s party, and we can see a real-time weighing of these actions. However, there is concern that peoples' actions and texts will be affected by the existence of the website and its popularity. Book. Six months after the website went up, the two creators of TFLN signed a deal to pen a book, wherein they will use the most entertaining texts. The book will be published by Gotham Books, which is part of the Penguin Group. Erin Malone, from William Morris Endeavor also helped other blogs translate into books, including
María de Villota María de Villota Comba (born 13 January 1980) is a Spanish racing driver. She is the daughter of former Formula One driver Emilio de Villota, and sister of Emilio de Villota, Jr., who like his sister competed in Formula Palmer Audi. She is currently recovering from serious head and facial injuries sustained in an accident which occurred during a straight-line testing session in her role as the Marussia Formula One team's test driver. Career. De Villota was born in Madrid. She has competed in numerous racing series, including the World Touring Car Championship and ADAC Procar Series. In August 2009, she signed with Atlético Madrid to race for the remainder of the season in the Superleague Formula open wheel racing series. She remained with the Atlético Madrid team until the series folded in 2011. She also competed in the 2005 24 Hours of Daytona endurance race. Formula One. On 18 August 2011, the Lotus Renault GP team confirmed reports that de Villota had made her Formula One test debut in a Renault R29 at the Paul Ricard Circuit, and that her management was in talks to secure her a test driver seat in the future. In December she reiterated her desire to work with the team in 2012, adding that she was in advanced talks over a third driver role. On 7 March 2012, it was announced that María de Villota had joined Marussia F1 Team as a test driver, with the opportunity to sample Formula
Tom Maynard Thomas Lloyd Tom Maynard (25 March 1989 – 18 June 2012) was a Welsh cricketer who played for Surrey. A right-handed batsman and very occasional right-arm off break bowler, he was the son of former Glamorgan and England batsman Matthew Maynard. Life and career. Born in Cardiff, Maynard attended Pentyrch Primary School, Radyr Comprehensive School, and then moved to Millfield School before attending Whitchurch High School for sixth form. Maynard made his way up the ranks with Glamorgan, starting in the county's Under-17s side at the age of 15. By the time he was 16, he had reached the Glamorgan 2nd XI and was playing for the Wales Minor Counties team. Maynard made his debut for the Glamorgan First XI on 10 June 2007, playing in a Friends Provident Trophy match against the Gloucestershire Gladiators at Colwyn Bay. He hit 71 runs off 75 balls, including seven fours and three sixes before being caught and bowled by Mark Hardinges. After batting second, Glamorgan lost by six runs. Maynard's Twenty20 Cup debut soon followed, as he played in Glamorgan's three-run defeat to the Warwickshire Bears on 24 June 2007; he scored 11 runs before being caught by Tim Ambrose off the bowling of Heath Streak. His first-class debut finally came two months later on the third day of a County Championship match against Somerset. No play was possible on the first two days of the match, so Maynard's debut ended up being restricted to just one innings, in
Jikki Pillavalu Gajapathi Krishnaveni was a popular film playback singer from Andhra Pradesh,South India. She sang over nearly 10,000 songs in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Hindi and Sinhala languages. Early life. Jikki was born in Chennai on November 3, 1935 to Gajapathi Naidu and Rajakanthamma, who had moved from Chandragiri, near Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh to Chennai for their livelihood. Her uncle Devaraju Naidu worked as music composer with celebrated Kannada theatre legend and movie pioneer Gubbi Veeranna and this gave exposure to the young good looking girl,Krishnaveni,to music and film world. Career. Jikki began her career as child artist in 1943 and played a minor role in a Telugu movie named Panthulamma directed by Guduvalli Ramabramham. In 1946 she once again hit the silver screen with the movie Mangalasutram, the rehash of a Hollywood movie'Excuse Me'.She was already being noted for her musical prowess and the lilting mellifluous voice although she did not go through any orthodox classical training in music. Soon a chance came her way to sing for the Tamil movie 'Gnanasoundari' in 1948 for which music was composed by the doyen of the film music then, S. V. Venkatraman. This was the turning point in her life. She sang for the heroine, when she was young. The song Arul Tharaam Deva maathaavey Aadhiyey Inba Jothi... which will be succeeded by P. A. Periyanayaki (for the grown up heroine) became super hit and so did the film. This changed actress Jikki into Playback singer Jikki. Soon
Tara Stiles Tara Leann Stiles (born May 6, 1981) is an American model turned yoga instructor and founder of Strala Yoga in New York City. She starred in Yoga For, the first instructional on-line yoga video series, produced by Ford Models. Vanity Fair reported on a yoga video that Stiles specifically designed for Sarah Palin; the Vanity Fair reporter commented that Tara Stiles has got to be the coolest yoga instructor ever. Stiles is also the personal yoga instructor to Deepak Chopra, with whom she collaborated to create Authentic Yoga for the iPhone. Early life. Stiles grew up outside Morris, Illinois. Her mother designed, without any professional experience, their passive solar home and built it together with her father, now retired from a career in nuclear power. She has one sibling, an elder brother, Chad, who is an electrician. Modeling career. After graduation she studied dance in Chicago, where one of her ballet instructors introduced her to yoga. A local photographer brought her to Marie Anderson Boyd, founder of Aria Models in Chicago, later acquired by Ford Models, who signed her on the spot. Boyd booked Stiles' first casting, an ad campaign for Coca-Cola, and She moved to New York City soon after. She eventually realized that modeling was not what she was truly interested in. When Ford asked her to start making short promotional yoga videos for the agency and post them to YouTube, it was the beginning of her current career. She took a 200-hour course to
Isaac Redman Isaac Redman (born November 10, 1984) is an American football running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Bowie State University in Bowie, Maryland. Early years. Redman played high school football and wrestled at Paulsboro High School. Although a standout player, his future career was nearly derailed completely with a sexual assault charge in his senior year of high school. Redman pled out to a lesser charge of criminal sexual contact and was given three years' probation. College career. Redman played college football at NCAA Division-II Bowie State University (BSU) which is part of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA). Redman finished his career as Bowie State’s all-time rushing leader (3,300 yards). Some of his other accomplishments at Bowie State include: Some of his other accolades include: Statistics. note: Redman did not play during the entire 2006 season. These and additional statistics from Redman's college career available in a pdf file here. Professional career. Pittsburgh Steelers. After going undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft, Redman was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent on April 28, 2009. In his first professional appearance during the 2009 NFL Preseason on August 13, 2009, Redman rushed for 32 yards and 2 touchdowns against the Arizona Cardinals. Redman finished the preseason with 37 carries for 145 yards and 3 touchdowns. Redman was waived during final cuts on
Doctor Steel Doctor Steel (full name, Doctor Phineas Waldolf Steel) was a self-published American musician and internet personality from Los Angeles. He performed on rare occasions with a backup band, claiming that a fictitious robot band had malfunctioned. Shows incorporated puppetry, multimedia and performances by female members (Nurses and Scouts) of his street team, The Army of Toy Soldiers. Steel made a brief appearance on The Tonight Show and has had numerous interviews. He was the subject of an article in Wired Magazine regarding allegations that Dr. Horrible had copied his style. Steel has frequently been cited as an example of Steampunk music. Musical career. Steel began publicly performing in 1999, essentially busking on the streets of Los Angeles. A few years later, he began performing at venues like The Key Club and the CIA. His live shows combined music with puppetry and video projection that reflect the stories and meanings of the songs. In 2001 and 2002, the albums Dr. Steel (2001), Dr. Steel II: Eclectic Boogaloo (2001), and People of Earth (2002) were released digitally to iTunes, Amazon and other stores. The Dr. Steel Collection (2004) was the first CD release, featuring many tracks which were released on other albums, slightly altered. The Dr. Steel Collection also features the track Land of the Lost, about the 1970s version of the show by the same name. Some attempts were made to get the song into the soundtrack of 2009 movie version of Land of the Lost, but they
Janice Man Janice Man (born December 29, 1988) is a fashion model and actress from Hong Kong. Career. Janice Man was discovered by model seekers on the streets when she was 14. Because of this she entered the modeling world at the age of only 14. Her modeling career took a sharp upwards turn in 2007 when she participated in television series such as «過渡青春» and movies like «十分愛». In 2009, August 13, it was announced she signed the contract with Leon Lai's star artist management, A-Music. She later appeared in Hong Kong's Asia Exhibit, Summer Pop Live in HK, and other live concerts. Her fame rose steadily in Asia as she cooperated with Korean Movie Star, Kim Jae Wook, and also shot commercials for Japan's Beauty Warehouse Company, Opaque. She played one of the four main characters in the 2009 film Basic Love along with Elanne Kong, Rex Ho (何浚尉), and Izz Xu (徐正曦); she reportedly became good friends with Kong during the course of the filming. In 2011, she won the 30th Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Dressed. Her more recent accomplishments show a slow but steady turn to more film work, with a critically acclaimed performance in the most recent Nightfall in 2012, starring along Simon Yam and Michael Wong.  
Toi gold mine The Toi gold mine (Japanese: 土肥鉱山, also 土肥金山) was an important gold mine of Japan, located within the city of Toi, Izu Peninsula, Shizuoka Prefecture. History. Small-scale gold mining is said to have started at Toi around 1370 during the period of the Ashikaga Bakufu. The gold mine was operated on a large scale from the time of Tokugawa Ieyasu in the late 16th century. Several mines were open in 1577, but Tokugawa Ieyasu endeavored to their development from 1601. He put the exploitation of the mine under the responsibility of Gold Mine Minister (金山奉行) Ōkubo. Toi was one of several goldmines of the Izu Peninsula, such as Yugashima or Nawaji, totaling about 60 gold mines in Izu alone. The gold and silver produced by these mines permitted the production of Tokugawa coinage, and allowed for the prosperity of the Tokugawa. The city of Toi itself became highly prosperous, with numerous trades flooding in to service the workers and the administration at the gold mine, so that Toi became known as Toi Sengen (土肥千軒, Toi of the 1,000 shops). The mine became less productive as it became flooded. Workers were killed because of the exhausting conditions due to seeping hot springs, and poor oxygen content of air, leading to the installation of water pumps and ventilators at numerous intervals. In 1917, gold was again discovered at the mine, and exploitation continued under the company Toi Kinzan KK. In 1931, the mine entered Sumitomo Group, and passed
Production of Watchmen Watchmen is a 2009 film based on a twelve-issue comic book limited series of same name created by writer Alan Moore, artist Dave Gibbons, and colorist John Higgins, published by DC Comics between 1986 and 1987. The graphic novel's film rights were acquired by producer Lawrence Gordon in 1986. Many problems halted the adaptation's development, with four different studios and various directors and screenwriters being attached to the project through twenty years. In 2006, Zack Snyder, who at the time was filming another comic book adaptation, 300, was hired by Warner Bros. to helm Watchmen. Filming started in 2007, and following deals with two of the previous companies involved in the development—Paramount Pictures, responsible for international distribution rights, and 20th Century Fox, which received the rights to part of the gross—the Watchmen adaptation was finally released in March 2009. Pre-production. Failed projects. In August 1986, producer Lawrence Gordon acquired the film rights to Watchmen for 20th Century Fox, with producer Joel Silver working on the film. Fox asked author Alan Moore to write a screenplay based on his story, but when Moore declined the studio enlisted screenwriter Sam Hamm. On September 9, 1988, Hamm turned in his first draft, but said that condensing a 338-page, nine-panel-a-page comic book into a 128-page script was arduous. He took the liberty of re-writing Watchmen's complicated ending into a more manageable conclusion involving an assassination and a time paradox. Fox put the film into turnaround in 1991, and Gordon set
Český Krumlov Český Krumlov (; or Böhmisch Krummau; Krumau; English: Crumlaw, Bohemian Crumlaw) is a small city in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic where Český Krumlov Castle is located. Old Český Krumlov is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and was given this status along with the historic Prague castle district. The city is named Český Krumlov (Bohemian Crumlaw) to differentiate it from Moravský Krumlov in the southeast of the country. History. Construction of the town and castle began in the late 13th century at a ford in the Vltava River, which was important in trade routes in Bohemia. In 1302 the town and castle were owned by the House of Rosenberg. Emperor Rudolf II bought Krumlov in 1602 and gave it to his natural son Julius d’Austria. Emperor Ferdinand II gave Krumlov to the House of Eggenberg. From 1719 until 1945 the castle belonged to the House of Schwarzenberg. Most of the architecture of the old town and castle dates from the 14th through 17th centuries; the town's structures are mostly in Gothic, Renaissance, and Baroque styles. The core of the old town is within a horseshoe bend of the river, with the old Latrán neighborhood and castle on the other side of the Vltava. The town was seat of Duchy of Krumlov. 8,662 inhabitants lived in Krumau an der Moldau in 1910, including 7,367 Germans and 1,295 Czechs. During the interwar era it was part of Czechoslovakia. Between 1938 and 1945 it was annexed by
National Open University National Open University (NOU), is an Open University in Taiwan. National Open University was established on August 1, 1986 along the lines of Great Britain's Open University. Although National Open University originally had entrance examinations, they were later abolished in 1997. Classes were originally conducted over a dedicated radio station, and television channel and internet classroom were later added. Today, National Open University is a full-service, distance learning university fully accredited by the Taiwanese government, and has an annual enrollment of 35,000 students. Organization. National Open University is headed by a president. The University contain 6 academic departments.  
Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II The Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II continued essential overseas trade during the conflict, a period referred to as The Long Watch by Irish mariners. Irish merchant shipping saw to it that vital imports continued to arrive and exports, mainly food supplies to Great Britain, were delivered. Irish ships sailed unarmed and usually alone, identifying themselves as neutrals with bright lights and by painting the Irish tricolour and EIRE in large letters on their sides and decks. Nonetheless twenty percent of seamen serving in Irish ships perished, victims of a war not their own: attacked by both sides, though predominately by the Axis powers. Often, Allied convoys could not stop to pick up survivors, while Irish ships always answered SOS signals and stopped to rescue survivors, irrespective of which side they belonged to. Irish ships rescued 534 seamen. At the outbreak of World War II, known as The Emergency, Ireland declared neutrality and became isolated as never before. Shipping had been neglected since the Irish War of Independence. Foreign ships, on which Ireland's trade had hitherto depended, were less available; Neutral American ships would not enter the war zone. In his Saint Patrick's Day address in 1940, Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Éamon de Valera lamented: No country had ever been more effectively blockaded because of the activities of belligerents and our lack of ships... Ireland was a net food exporter. The excess was shipped to Britain. The Irish Mercantile Marine ensured that
Sticky-shed syndrome Sticky-shed syndrome is a condition created by the deterioration of the binders in a magnetic tape, which hold the iron oxide magnetizable coating to its plastic carrier. This deterioration renders the tape unusable. Some kinds of binder are known to break down over time, due to the absorption of moisture (hydrolysis). The symptoms of this breakdown are immediately obvious even when rewinding the tape: tearing sounds and sluggish behavior. If a tape with sticky-shed syndrome is played, the reels will make screeching or squeaking sounds, and the tape will leave dusty, rusty particles on the guides and heads. Cause. Some tapes may deteriorate because of a breakdown in the binder (the glue) that holds the oxide particles on the tape if the tape was from any of the tape manufacturers who had inadvertently used an unstable binder formulation. That binder contained polyurethane that soaks up water and causes the urethane to rise to the tape's surface. This problem became known as the 'sticky-shed syndrome'. Short strands of urethane were most commonly used in tapes - until it was discovered that middle-sized strands are better and were good at absorbing moisture. Baking the tape temporarily restores the tape by driving the water molecules from the binder so that it can be safely copied to another tape or a different format. After baking, the tape usually remains in good condition for approximately a month. If the tape re-deteriorates, it may be possible to bake the tape again. Affected stock.
Return-oriented programming Return-oriented programming (ROP) is a computer security exploit technique that allows an attacker to execute code in the presence of security defenses such as non-executable memory and code signing. An attacker gains control of the call stack to hijack program control flow and then executes carefully chosen machine instruction sequences, called gadgets. Each gadget typically ends in a return instruction and is located in a subroutine within the existing program and/or shared library code. Chained together, these gadgets allow an attacker to perform arbitrary operations on a machine employing defenses that thwart simpler attacks. Background. Stack smashing attacks. Return-oriented programming is an advanced version of a stack smashing attack. Generally, these types of attacks arise when an adversary manipulates the call stack by taking advantage of a bug in the program, often a buffer overrun. In a buffer overrun, a function that does not perform proper bounds checking before storing user-provided data into memory will accept more input data than it can store properly. If the data is being written onto the stack, the excess data may overflow the space allocated to the function's variables (e.g., locals in the stack diagram to the right) and overwrite the return address. This address will later be used by the function to redirect control flow back to the caller. If it has been overwritten, control flow will be diverted to the location specified by the new return address. In a standard buffer overrun attack, the attacker would simply write attack
Damon Wilson Damon Wilson is an American foreign policy advisor and the current executive vice president at the Atlantic Council of the United States, a foreign and public policy think tank based in Washington, D.C. Prior to joining the Atlantic Council, Wilson served as Senior Director for European Affairs at the National Security Council during President George W. Bush's second term. Biography. Wilson was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He attended Duke University as a Benjamin N. Duke Leadership Scholar and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science in 1995. Following graduation, Wilson was awarded the first Hart Leadership Fellowship for the year 1995-1996, working in Rwanda with Save the Children's Children and War Program. During the fellowship, he helped design the field office's information and documentation systems and participated in program planning for projects focused on unaccompanied children. Wilson completed his master’s degree (MPA) at Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1998. While there, he taught an undergraduate policy workshop on Implementing NATO Expansion with Dr. Richard Ullman and was selected for a Presidential Management Fellowship. As a fellow, Wilson worked on the State Department's China desk and at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing. Wilson speaks French and has been decorated by the Presidents of Estonia, Hungary, Latvia and Poland for his efforts to advance transatlantic relations. Career. Wilson has had a long career in working on defense policy as it relates to NATO and US-European relations. He has worked
Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II The coronation of Queen Elizabeth II as monarch of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Ceylon, and Pakistan took place on 2 June 1953. Elizabeth, then aged 25, ascended the thrones of these countries upon the death of her father, George VI, on 6 February 1952, and was proclaimed queen by her various privy and executive councils shortly afterwards. The coronation was delayed for more than a year because of the tradition that such a festival was inappropriate during the period of mourning that followed the death of the preceding sovereign. In the ceremony itself, Elizabeth swore an oath to uphold the laws of her nations and to govern the Church of England. Celebrations took place and a commemorative medal was issued throughout the Commonwealth realms. Preparations. For the one-day coronation ceremony, 16 months of preparation took place, with the first meeting of the Coronation Commission taking place in April 1952, under the chairmanship of the Queen's husband, Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (later Prince Philip). Other committees, such as the Coronation Joint Committee and the Coronation Commission, were established and were more international in nature; high commissioners from other Commonwealth realms were members of these groups, reflecting the dual domestic and international nature of the coronation. Still, though British organisers wanted it to be otherwise, no officials from any Commonwealth realm other than the UK would participate in the event itself; the governments of those countries considered the ceremony to be
Manchester Mark 1 The Manchester Mark 1 was one of the earliest stored-program computers, developed at the Victoria University of Manchester from the Small-Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM) or Baby (operational in June 1948). It was also called the Manchester Automatic Digital Machine, or MADM. Work began in August 1948, and the first version was operational by April 1949; a program written to search for Mersenne primes ran error-free for nine hours on the night of 16/17 June 1949. The machine's successful operation was widely reported in the British press, which used the phrase electronic brain in describing it to their readers. That description provoked a reaction from the head of the University of Manchester's Department of Neurosurgery, the start of a long-running debate as to whether an electronic computer could ever be truly creative. The Mark 1 was to provide a computing resource within the university, to allow researchers to gain experience in the practical use of computers, but it very quickly also became a prototype on which the design of Ferranti's commercial version could be based. Development ceased at the end of 1949, and the machine was scrapped towards the end of 1950, replaced in February 1951 by a Ferranti Mark 1, the world's first commercially available general-purpose electronic computer. The computer is especially historically significant because of its pioneering inclusion of index registers, an innovation which made it easier for a program to read sequentially through an array of words in memory. Thirty-four patents resulted from the
Tryton Tryton is a three-tier high-level general purpose computer application platform on top of which is built an Enterprise resource planning (ERP) business solution through a set of Tryton modules. The three-tiers architecture consists of the Tryton client, the Tryton server and the Database management system (mainly PostgreSQL). License. The platform, along with the official modules, are Free software, licensed under the GPLv3. Modules and functional coverage. The official modules provide a coverage of the following functional fields: Technical features. The client and the server applications are written in Python, the client use GTK+ as graphical toolkit. Both are available on Linux, OS X, and Windows. A standalone version including client and server exists and is named Neso. The kernel provides the technical foundations needed by most business applications. However it is not linked to any particular functional field hence constituting a general purpose framework: Being a framework, Tryton can be used as a platform for the development of various other solutions than just business ERPs. A very prominent example is GNU Health, a free Health and Hospital Information System based on Tryton. Origin and history. Tryton's origin is a fork of the version 4.2 of TinyERP (which was later called OpenERP; a comparison with Open ERP can be seen here). The first version was published in November 2008 Project management & governance. In contrast to their parent project and other open-source business software, the Tryton founders avoided creating a partner network which tends to generate opposition and duality
Belt filter The belt filter (sometimes called a belt filter press) is an industrial machine, used for solid/liquid separation processes, particularly the dewatering of sludges in the chemical industry, mining and water treatment. The process of filtration is primarily obtained by passing a pair of filtering cloths and belts through a system of rollers. Operation. The feed sludge to be dewatered is introduced from a hopper between two monofilament filter cloths (supported by perforated belts) which pass through a convoluted arrangement of rollers. As the belts are fed through the rollers, water is squeezed out of the sludge. When the belts pass through the final pair of rollers in the process, the filter cloths are separated and the filter cake is scraped off into a suitable container. A belt filter is generally used in phosphatic fertiliser plants to separate the solid from slurry. It comprises washing to different zone to minimise the product losses. Belt filters use a vacuum system to minimise offgas and effluent during operations. It has applications in many other areas of industry. Improvements. The effectiveness of the operation can be increased by creating a pressure difference across the filter cloth. The filter cloth is directed though a zone where either pressure or vacuum pushes water from the filter cloths and ultimately to drain. The sludge can be combined with a filter aid or flocculant the help the filtration process and reduce blinding of the filter cloth. Filter cloths can be cleaned throughout the operation of
Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society The Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society was organized as an auxiliary of the American Anti-Slavery Society in 1835. Its roots were in New England Anti-Slavery Society, organized by William Lloyd Garrison, editor of The Liberator, in 1831. Garrison went on to organize a national organization, the American Anti-Slavery Society, in 1833. History. New England Anti-Slavery Society. The New England Anti-Slavery Society (1831–1835) was formed by William Lloyd Garrison, editor of The Liberator, in 1831. The Liberator was also its official publication. Based in Boston, Massachusetts, members of the New England Anti-slavery Society supported immediate abolition and viewed slavery as immoral and non-Christian. It was particularly opposed to the American Colonization Society which proposed sending African Americans to Africa. The Society sponsored lecturers or agents who traveled throughout the New England area, speaking in local churches or halls, and also selling abolitionist tracts or The Liberator. Whenever possible, the Society's agents would also encourage the formation of local anti-slavery societies. By 1833 there were 47 local societies in ten northern states, 33 of them in New England. The Society also sponsored mass mobilizations such as yearly anti-slavery conventions and celebrations of July 4 or the Anniversary of the Abolition of Slavery in the West Indies, August 1. Massachusetts General Colored Association. In January 1833, Thomas Dalton, president of the Massachusetts General Colored Association, led a successful petition to merge with the New England Anti-Slavery Society. Separate black anti-slavery societies had already existed in Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, Connecticut, and
The Idea of Justice The Idea of Justice is a 2009 book by Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen. The book has been described by The Economist as commanding summation of Mr Sen’s own work on economic reasoning and on the elements and measurement of human well-being. Sen delivered a lecture based on the book (The Penguin Annual Lecture) in Kolkata on August 5 which was followed by a discussion with Barkha Dutt. Sen's book is principally a critique and revision of John Rawls' basic ideas in A Theory of Justice. Sen was a student of Rawls and the book is dedicated to his memory. One of Sen's main arguments throughout the book is that the project of social justice should not be evaluated in binary terms, as either achieved or not. Rather, he claims that justice should be understood as existing to a matter of degree, and should correspondingly be evaluated along a continuum. Furthermore, he argues that we do not need a fully established abstract ideal of justice to evaluate the fairness of different institutions. He claims that we can meaningfully compare the level of justice in two institutions without positing an ideal, transcendental idea of justice. He names the opposite position institutional transcendentalism. Sen defends one of Rawls' most fundamental theoretical concepts: justice as fairness. Although this is a vague notion fraught with difficulties in any particular case, he nevertheless views it as one of Rawls' strongest insights while rejecting the necessity of Rawls' two principles of justice
Talkmobile Talkmobile is a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) operating in the United Kingdom. The company is owned by The Carphone Warehouse (CPW) and is run on the Vodafone network. The company launched in 2007, first offering just four payment plans before expanding into a wider range of tariffs and products. CPW's original MVNO was called Fresh Mobile and used to run on the one2one/T-Mobile network. Fresh was discontinued in 2010 in favour of TalkMobile. Products and services. They were the first to introduce £1 sim only plans.  
Go Radio Go Radio is a rock band from Tallahassee, Florida, formed by former Mayday Parade vocalist, guitarist and lyricist Jason Lancaster in April 2007. The band has toured with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, A Day to Remember, as well as Mayday Parade. They played the entire Vans Warped Tour in 2011. History. Formation and Welcome to Life (2007–2009). Go Radio formed in April 2007 after Jason Lancaster left Mayday Parade. Together with Matt 'Burns' Poulos, as well as Steven Kopacz and Patrick Hosey of the Florida band Don't Die Cindy, Lancaster started Go Radio. The name Go Radio was originally going to be the name of a Mayday Parade side project of Lancaster's. Hosey left the band in late 2007, and was replaced by Tony Planas. In 2008 Go Radio released their debut EP Welcome To Life. Planas left the band in late 2008, and was replaced by Alex Reed, formerly of the Michigan band Carawae. Reed contacted the band through Myspace and originally joined only as a touring guitarist, but was later promoted to a full time member. Do Overs and Second Chances (2009–2010). On September 8, 2009 the band released their first studio update. They revealed that they were in the process of recording a new EP with producers Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount, both of whom produced Mayday Parade's A Lesson in Romantics. On October 5, 2009, Go Radio released two of the songs from the EP on their Myspace. The band then signed to
Seven Gates of Hell The Seven Gates of Hell is a legend of the York, Pennsylvania area of America. Two versions of the legend exist, one involving a burnt insane asylum and the other an eccentric doctor. Both agree that there are seven gates in a wooded area of Hellam Township, Pennsylvania, and that anyone who passes through all seven goes straight to Hell. The location in question never housed an institution; the aforementioned doctor only constructed one gate, to keep out trespassers. The area still receives a number of tourists, some of whom harass local residents, causing them to call the police. Myth. There are two popular versions of the myth, with numerous variants of each. One states that a mental institution used to be located on either Toad Road or Trout Run Road, depending on the source, in Hellam Township, Pennsylvania. It was erected in a remote location so as to isolate people deemed insane from the rest of the world. One day in the 1800s, a fire broke out and, due to its remoteness, firefighters could not reach the hospital in time to save it. Many patients died in the flames, while others escaped and were soon beaten to death. The gates' role in the story is disputed. Some say that the gates were put up by the local search party to trap the remaining inmates. Others say that, completely unrelated to the asylum story, an eccentric physician who lived on the property built several gates
White Liar White Liar is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in August 2009 as the second single from her album Revolution. Lambert performed White Liar on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on October 6, 2009, and on the 2009 CMA Awards on November 11, 2009. In December 2009, the song became Lambert's second Top 10 hit and reached a peak of number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 6, 2010. The was written by Lambert and Natalie Hemby. Lambert donated the original, handwritten copy of White Liar to the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum for public display behind a glass case. Content. White Liar is a moderate up-tempo song in the key of F major backed primarily by steel guitar. The female narrator in the song describes confronting her man for cheating, whom she refers to as being a white liar for deceiving her, in reference to the term white lie. Reception. White Liar has received positive reviews from critics. Jim Malec gave the song a thumbs up, describing it as a decidedly alt-country track that showcases a significant Steve Earle influence and finds Lambert comfortably settling into a vocal groove that compliments the song’s melody instead of overpowering it. He also complimented the production, which featured the employment of a spectacular steel track that underlines the song throughout. Dan Milliken of Country Universe gave the song
Bay of Plenty The Bay of Plenty is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand's North Island. It stretches from the Coromandel Peninsula in the west to Cape Runaway in the east, a wide stretch of some 259 km of open coastline. The Bay of Plenty Region is situated around this body of water, also incorporating several large islands in the bay. History. The Bay of Plenty was the first part of New Zealand to be settled, by the Māori. The name Bay of Plenty originated with James Cook during his 1769–70 exploration of New Zealand, who noted the abundant resources in the area. The Māori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi (the sea of Toi), a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi. In the 1830s, Europeans began to settle in the area. On 5 October 2011, the MV Rena ran aground on the Astrolabe Reef off the coast of the Bay of Plenty causing a large oil spill. The spill is described as New Zealand's worst ever environmental disaster. Geography. The coastline from Waihi Beach in the west to Opape is defined as sandy coast, while the coast from Opape to Cape Runaway is rocky shore. Sizeable harbours are located at Tauranga, Whakatane and Ohiwa. Major estuaries include Maketu, Little Waihi, Whakatane, Waiotahi and Waioeka/Otara. Eight major rivers empty into the bay from inland catchments, including Wairoa River, Kaituna, Tarawera, Rangitaiki, Whakatane, Waioeka, Motu and Raukokore Rivers. The bay contains numerous islands, notably the
Antonio López de Santa Anna Antonio de Padua María Severino López de Santa Anna y Pérez de Lebrón (21 February 1794 – 21 June 1876), often known as Santa Anna or López de Santa Anna and sometimes called the Napoleon of the West, was a Mexican political, general, and eleven-time president who greatly influenced early Mexican politics and government. Santa Anna fought first against Mexican independence from Spain, then in support of it. Though not the first caudillo (military leader) of Mexico, he was among the earliest. He was general and president multiple times over a turbulent 40-year career; he was president on eleven non-consecutive occasions over a period of 22 years. A wealthy landowner, he built a firm political base in the major port city of Veracruz. He was the hero of the Army; he sought glory for himself and his army, and repeatedly rebuilt it after major losses. A brave soldier and a cunning politician, he so dominated his era that historians often call it the Age of Santa Anna. However, historians also report that he is perhaps the principal inhabitant even today of Mexico's black pantheon of those who failed the nation. His centralist rhetoric and military failures resulted in Mexico losing just over half its territory, beginning with the Texas Revolution and culminating with the Mexican Cession of 1848. Early years. Santa Anna was born in Xalapa, Veracruz, Nueva España (New Spain), on 21 February 1794. He came from a respected Spanish colonial family; he
Louis Brandeis Louis Dembitz Brandeis (; November 13, 1856 – October 5, 1941) was an American lawyer and Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States from 1916 to 1939. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Jewish immigrant parents from Bohemia, who raised him in a secular home. He enrolled at Harvard Law School, graduating at the age of twenty with the highest grade average in the law school's history. Brandeis settled in Boston where he became a recognized lawyer through his work on progressive social causes. Starting in 1890, he helped develop the right to privacy concept by writing a Harvard Law Review article of that title, and was thereby credited by legal scholar Roscoe Pound as having accomplished nothing less than adding a chapter to our law. He later published a book titled Other People's Money And How the Bankers Use It, suggesting ways of curbing the power of large banks and money trusts, which partly explains why he later fought against powerful corporations, monopolies, public corruption, and mass consumerism, all of which he felt were detrimental to American values and culture. He also became active in the Zionist movement, seeing it as a solution to antisemitism in Europe and Russia, while at the same time being a way to revive the Jewish spirit. When his family’s finances became secure, he began devoting most of his time to public causes and was later dubbed the “People’s Lawyer.” He insisted on serving on cases without
Modula-2 Modula-2 is a computer programming language designed and developed between 1977 and 1985 by Niklaus Wirth at ETH Zurich as a revision of Pascal to serve as the sole programming language for the operating system and application software for the personal workstation Lilith. The principal concepts were: Modula-2 was understood by Niklaus Wirth as a successor to his earlier programming language Pascal. The language design was also influenced by the Mesa programming language and the new programming possibilities of the early personal computer Xerox Alto, both from Xerox, that Wirth saw during his 1976 sabbatical year at Xerox PARC. The computer magazine BYTE devoted the issue August 1984 to the language and its surrounding environment. Description. Modula-2 is a general purpose procedural language, sufficiently flexible to do systems programming, but with much broader application. In particular, it was designed to support separate compilation and data abstraction in a straightforward way. Much of the syntax is based on Wirth's earlier and better-known language, Pascal. Modula-2 was designed to be broadly similar to Pascal, with some elements and syntactic ambiguities removed and the important addition of the module concept, and direct language support for multiprogramming. Here is an example of the source code for the Hello world program: The Modula-2 module may be used to encapsulate a set of related subprograms and data structures, and restrict their visibility from other portions of the program. The module design implemented the data abstraction feature of Modula-2 in a very clean way. Modula-2
UD Salamanca Unión Deportiva Salamanca, S.A.D. () was a Spanish football team based in Salamanca, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 16 March 1923, it played its last season in Segunda División B. Nicknamed Los Charros, the club played in white shirts and black shorts, holding home games at Estadio El Helmántico, which seated 17,341 spectators. History. Initially formed by Irish students, Salamanca first played in early Spanish championships in 1907, before an official league was founded later on. On 16 March 1923, at the tables of Café Novelty, situated in the Plaza Mayor, Dionisio Ridruejo set the club's early official foundations and, from 1939 and during the following three decades, it fluctuated between the third and the second levels of the Spanish football league. In the 1974–75 season, Salamanca made its La Liga debuts, overachieving for a final 7th position (out of 18 teams), which eventually would be its best classification ever. The team lasted in the topflight until 1981, mainly coached by José Luis García Traid, then returned the following year for a further two seasons, being further relegated to Segunda División B – the new third division created in 1977 – in 1984–85, and spending three years in that category before promoting back. In 1994–95's second division, after finishing fourth in the league, Salamanca lost the first leg of the promotion/relegation playoffs against Albacete Balompié, 0–2 at home, but won 5–0 away, returning to the main level after eleven years. The club
GLaDOS GLaDOS, short for Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System, is a fictional artificially intelligent computer system and the main antagonist in the video game Portal as well as the first half of its sequel, Portal 2. She was created by Erik Wolpaw and Kim Swift and is voiced by Ellen McLain. She is responsible for testing and maintenance in Aperture Science research facility in both video games. While she initially appears to simply be a voice to guide and aid the player, her words and actions become increasingly malicious until she makes her intentions clear. The game reveals that she is corrupted and used a neurotoxin to kill the scientists in the lab before the events of Portal. She is destroyed at the end of the first title by the player-character Chell but is revealed to have survived in the credits song Still Alive. The inspiration for her creation extends from Wolpaw's use of a text-to-speech program while writing lines for the video game Psychonauts. Other Psychonauts designers were finding the lines funnier as a result of the text-to-speech voice. GLaDOS was originally intended to be used in the first area of Portal; she was well-received by other designers and her role was expanded as a result. Play testers were motivated to complete tests in the game due to her guidance. While the game was originally designed to have other characters, they later decided to remove them and leave GLaDOS as the only character players encounter. The physical
Glossary of HVAC terms HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) is a major subdiscipline of mechanical engineering. The goal of HVAC design is to balance indoor environmental comfort with other factors such as installation cost, ease of maintenance, and energy efficiency. The discipline of HVAC includes a large number of specialized terms and acronyms, many of which are summarized in this glossary.  
Option Paralysis Option Paralysis is the fourth full-length studio album by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan, released on March 23, 2010. After having fulfilled their contract with Relapse Records, the band released the album through Party Smasher Inc., their own new imprint in collaboration with French record label Season of Mist. It marks The Dillinger Escape Plan's first release to feature Billy Rymer on drums, since Gil Sharone left the band in September 2008 due to the frequent touring schedule and to focus on his brother's band Stolen Babies. Background. Formation of Party Smasher Inc.. The Dillinger Escape Plan announced their departure from Relapse Records in 2009. They had become dissatisfied with the music industry and music media, and decided to create their own record label to release their fourth studio-album. Commenting on the dissolving indie band culture, guitarist Ben Weinman stated, back in the day there were record labels that you trusted, loved and you bought everything on it and you discovered a lot of great new music because of it. You listen to every single song back to front a million times, it'd be worn out to death before you moved onto another record. You'd read everything in the booklet, you'd read all the lyrics, you'd read all the notes, you'd discover something new. Speaking to Kerrang! about the decision, he said: The most important thing was to keep evolving and changing. We didn't want to be stuck in some long contract that won't be
The Stone Breakers The Stone Breakers () was an 1849–50 painting by the French painter Gustave Courbet. It was a work of social realism, depicting two peasants, a young man and an old man, breaking rocks. The painting was first exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1850. It was destroyed during World War II, along with 154 other pictures, when a transport vehicle moving the pictures to the castle of Königstein, near Dresden, was bombed by Allied forces in February 1945.  
Asterios Polyp Asterios Polyp is a 2009 graphic novel by American cartoonist David Mazzucchelli. Overview. The title character, Asterios Polyp, is a professor and architect of Greek and Italian descent who teaches at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. After a lightning strike burns up his apartment, he leaves the city on a Greyhound bus and takes up employment as an auto mechanic in the town of Apogee (somewhere in America), the farthest point his money will take him. The novel is interspersed with scenes from his past (ostensibly narrated by his stillborn twin brother, Ignazio), including his childhood and troubled marriage; as well as dreams and allegorical sequences. Finally, he must confront not only his own flawed nature, but the implacable and amoral whims of the gods themselves. Themes. In plot, structure, and design, this book seems to explore the idea of duality. Some of the false dichotomies touched upon are: Apollonian vs. Dionysian; reason vs. emotion; destiny vs. free will; and nature vs. nurture. Ultimately, the book raises questions about how a person becomes who and what he is. Asterios' Greek heritage is one of many allusions to the story of Orpheus and Euridice, a recurring theme throughout the book. It can also be related to the Odyssey, upon which the story is loosely based. Publication. Asterios Polyp grew out of a story idea that would have filled the entire fourth issue of Rubber Blanket. It was published as a hardcover, with an architectonic design that alluded
Koningsdag Koningsdag () or King's Day is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Celebrated on 27 April (the 26th if the 27th falls on a Sunday), the date marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander. From 1890 to 2013, the day was known as Koninginnedag (; ) or Queen's Day. The holiday was first observed on 31 August 1885 as Prinsessedag or Princess's Day, the fifth birthday anniversary of Princess Wilhelmina, heiress to the Dutch throne. On her accession, the holiday acquired the name, Koninginnedag. When held on 31 August the holiday was the final day of school summer vacation, leading to its popularity among children. Following the accession of Wilhelmina's daughter Juliana in 1948, the holiday was moved to Queen Juliana's birthday on 30 April. Her daughter, Beatrix retained the celebration on 30 April after she ascended the throne in 1980, despite her actual birthday occurring on 31 January. Beatrix altered her mother's custom of receiving a floral parade near a Royal palace, instead choosing to visit different Dutch towns each year and join in the festivities along with her sons. In 2009, the Queen was carrying out this custom in the city of Apeldoorn when Karst Tates attempted to attack her by trying to ram the Royal family's vehicle with his car; instead he drove into a crowd of people who were watching the parade, and fatally crashed into a monument. Seven people in the crowd were killed, and the car's driver also died soon
Cartesian product In mathematics, a Cartesian product is a mathematical operation which returns a set (or product set) from multiple sets. That is, for sets A and B, the Cartesian product is the set of all ordered pairs where and . The simplest case of a Cartesian product is the Cartesian square, which returns a set from two sets. A table can be created by taking the Cartesian product of a set of rows and a set of columns. If the Cartesian product is taken, the cells of the table contain ordered pairs of the form . A Cartesian product of n sets can be represented by an array of n dimensions, where each element is an n-tuple. An ordered pair is a 2-tuple. The Cartesian product is named after René Descartes, whose formulation of analytic geometry gave rise to the concept. Examples. A deck of cards. An illustrative example is the Standard 52-card deck. The standard playing card ranks {Ace, King, Queen, Jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2} form a 13 element-set. The card suits form a 4-element set. The Cartesian product of these sets returns a 52-element set consisting of 52 ordered pairs which correspond to all 52 possible playing cards. returns a set of the form {(Ace, ♠), (King, ♠), ..., (2, ♠), (Ace, ♥), ..., (3, ♣), (2, ♣)}. returns a set of the form {(♠, Ace), (♠, King), ..., (♠, 2 ), (♥, Ace), ..., (♣, 3), (♣, 2)}. A
Conditional probability In probability theory, a conditional probability is the probability that an event will occur, when another event is known to occur or to have occurred. If the events are A and B respectively, this is said to be the probability of A given B. It is commonly denoted by P(A|B), or sometimes P(A). P(A|B) may or may not be equal to P(A), the probability of A. If they are equal, A and B are said to be independent. For example, if a coin is flipped twice, the outcome of the second flip is independent of the outcome of the first flip. In the Bayesian interpretation of probability, the conditioning event is interpreted as evidence for the conditioned event. That is, P(A) is the probability of A before accounting for evidence E, and P(A|E) is the probability of A having accounted for evidence E. Definition. Conditioning on an event. Kolmogorov definition. Given two events A and B with P(B) > 0, the conditional probability of A given B is defined as the quotient of the joint probability of A and B, and the probability of B: This may be visualized as restricting the sample space to B. The logic behind this equation is that if the outcomes are restricted to B, this set serves as the new sample space. As an axiom of probability. Some authors, such as De Finetti, prefer to introduce conditional probability as an axiom of probability: Although mathematically equivalent, this may be preferred philosophically;
Teppuu Story. The plot revolves around Natsuo Ishido, a freshman in high school. She has a natural talent for everything she does, and as a result becomes bored with doing anything. She is often praised (and occasionally hated) for her incredible talent, but in reality she feels lonely, so she is often looking for more and more things to occupy her time. As she fails to find anything that is sufficiently challenging, her loneliness and boredom reach a bottomed-out state. One day, after a volleyball practice, she meets Yuzuko Mawatori advertising for the mixed martial arts club, and although at the time she is uninterested, the idea stays with her for the rest of the day. She learns that Yuzuko and one other girl are the sole members of the club, and as such isn't an official club yet, so she decides to investigate. She meets the two members and challenges Yuzuko to a spar, in which the two of them exchange glancing blows. When Sanae Sawamura, the captain of the karate team, shows up, Natsuo decides to leave. After she has left, she realises her nose and lip are bleeding, and she resolves that she hates Yuzuko, and later returns to challenge her to another spar. She loses the spar, but gains a solid interest in MMA to the point where she quits the volleyball team.  
Global Village Telecom Global Village Telecom (GVT) is a Brazilian telecomunications company that offers advanced services on fixed phone, broadband for both consumer and business and voice over IP. GVT has been on the market since 2000, offering services with a promise of quality and value to the consumer. Present in 17 states and Distrito Federal. Following a plan of constant expansion since February 2007 when it opened capital on the São Paulo stock exchange, showing the biggest increase in the telecommunications sector in income, margin and subscriptions. Entered Belo Horizonte market in 2007, and now entering in Contagem and Betim (MG), Salvador (BA) in 2008 and Vitória, Vila Velha, Serra (ES), Recife (PE) in 2009. With a total of 127 cities served. Are parts of the GVT group the ISP POP and the Voice over IP exclusive provider, Vono. The French company Vivendi bought a 58% stake in the company in 2009, and raised its participation to 99.17% the following year. GVT shareholders were advised by Fabrizio Cerina of Crédit des Alpes, who sourced the deal. Products and services. Básico, Na Medida, Ilimitado Local and Ilimitado Total: Plans for voice where a monthly fee applies. There are also alternatives ranging from each call in the area where the service is being offered being charged (Básico) to monthly-fixed minutes and a few additional services (others). Vono is a VOIP company, that allows the consumer to have a local phone number in more than 200 cities and can be used
Extragalactic planet An extragalactic planet, also known as an extragalactic extrasolar planet or exgaplanet, is a planet that is outside the Milky Way. Twin Quasar related planet. A microlensing event in the Twin Quasar gravitational lensing system was observed in 1996, by R. E. Schild, in the A lobe of the lensed quasar. It is predicted that a 3-Earth mass planet in the lensing galaxy, YGKOW G1, caused the event. This was the first extragalactic planet announced. This however is not a repeatable observation, as it is a one time chance alignment. This predicted planet lies 4 billion light years away. Andromeda galaxy planets. A team of scientists has used gravitational microlensing to come up with a tentative detection of an extragalactic exoplanet in Andromeda, our nearest large galactic neighbour. The lensing pattern fits a star with a smaller companion weighing just 6 or 7 times the mass of Jupiter. This suspected planet is the first announced in the Andromeda Galaxy. HIP 13044. HIP 13044 is a star about 2000 light years away within the Milky Way galaxy which was found to have an exoplanet. However, the star is part of the Helmi stream of stars, a leftover remnant of a small galaxy that collided with and was absorbed by the Milky Way over 6 billion years ago. The star is over 6 billion years old, so although the star and its planet are now part of the Milky Way, they originally formed in another galaxy which either orbited
Roadkill cuisine Roadkill cuisine is preparing and eating roadkill, animals hit by vehicles and found along roads. It is a practice engaged in by a small subculture in the United States, Southern Canada, the United Kingdom and other Western countries as well as in other parts of the world. It is also a subject of humor and urban legend. Large animals including deer, moose, bear and elk are frequently struck in some parts of the United States, as well as smaller animals such as armadillos, raccoons, skunks and birds. Fresh kill is preferred and worms are a concern, so the kill is typically well cooked. Advantages of the roadkill diet, apart from its low cost, are that the animals that roadkill scavengers eat are naturally high in vitamins and proteins with lean meat and little saturated fat, and generally free of additives and drugs. Almost 1.5 million deer are hit by vehicles each year in the US. If the animal is not obviously suffering from disease, the meat is no different from that obtained by hunting. The practice of eating roadkill is legal, and even encouraged in some jurisdictions, while it is tightly controlled or restricted in other areas. Roadkill eating is considered unglamorous and mocked in pop culture, as it is often associated with stereotypes of rednecks and uncouth persons. Preparation. In England, the strong-stomached may prepare casseroles from squashed badger, hedgehog, otter, rat, rabbit or pheasant where available. Others recommend preparing fox cub or hedgehog in a
Edmund McMillen Edmund McMillen (born March 2, 1980) is an American video game designer known for his flash-game visual style and his emphasis on careful level design and rewarding learning curves. Early life. McMillen has been a lifelong resident of Santa Cruz, California. He is especially fond of drawing, his favorite subjects being monsters. Edmund spent most of his childhood with his grandmother, whom he considers to be the greatest source of support in his creative endeavors. Later in his life, Edmund received a box from his grandmother that contained all of his drawings as a child. Many of these drawings can be seen by unlocking 'The Box' in one of his games, The Basement Collection Career. McMillen's initial graphic work was in independent comics. While he has largely abandoned this field in favor of video games, he has released a series of comics featuring Meat Boy, the title character in the video game Super Meat Boy, as a promotional tie-in for the game. His most well-known games are the Flash-based game Meat Boy, and its much-lauded sequel Super Meat Boy, which has been released for the Xbox 360 platform and PC. McMillen is also known for the award-winning games Gish, Aether, The Binding of Isaac and Coil. Gish won Game Tunnel's 2004 Adventure Game of the Year, as well as Indie Game of the Year. His game Coil was nominated for the Innovation Award at the 2009 Independent Games Festival. McMillen was the original character artist and animator
Andre Blackman Andre Alexandre George Blackman (born 10 November 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Plymouth Argyle. A left back, he previously played for Bristol City, AFC Wimbledon, Celtic and Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Club career. Early career. Blackman began his career as a trainee with Arsenal before moving to Tottenham Hotspur and then signing for Portsmouth at the age of 16. He also had a spell with Chelsea. Bristol City. Blackman started his professional career by signing a two year contract with Bristol City after his release by Portsmouth. He made his debut for Bristol City in the League Cup match against Brentford on 11 August 2009. On 1 October 2009, Blackman was released by Bristol City without making a league appearance. He then went on trial with Championship side Leicester City, which proved to be unsuccessful. Wimbledon. After declaring he wanted to sort his life out, Blackman signed for Conference National club AFC Wimbledon on 1 June 2010, and made his debut in their 1-0 away win against Southport on 14 August; however, after a handful of appearances, Blackman was declared surplus to requirements and was replaced by Chris Bush, and subsequently Gareth Gwillim. Blackman featured in 18 League, Cup and friendly matches scoring twice, including one against an Arsenal XI - his former club. On 12 January 2011, Blackman went on trial with Oldham Athletic, but was not signed. On 9 February 2011, it was announced that Blackman had joined an unnamed league club on
Julie Kane Julie Kane (born July 20,1952, Boston) is a contemporary American poet, scholar, and editor and the Louisiana Poet Laureate for the 2011–2013 term. Although born in Massachusetts, Kane has lived in Louisiana for over three decades and writes about the region with the doubled consciousness of a non-native. Her work shows the influence of the Confessional poets; indeed, she was a student in Anne Sexton's graduate poetry seminar at Boston University at the time of Sexton's suicide. She is also associated with the New Formalist movement in contemporary poetry, although she has published free verse as well as formal verse. Her formal poems tend to bend the rules of poetic forms and employ slant rhyme. Life. Kane grew up in Massachusetts, upstate New York, and New Jersey. Her father, Edwin Julian Kane, was a radio and TV newscaster, and her mother, Nanette Spillane Kane, was a grade school teacher who published a handful of articles and short stories in journals like Redbook and The Christian Science Monitor. Kane graduated from Cornell University in 1974, where she studied with A. R. Ammons, William Matthews, and Robert Morgan. She won the Mademoiselle Magazine College Poetry Competition, which was judged by Sexton and James Merrill, and went on to study with Sexton at Boston University, where she received her M.A. in Creative Writing. From Boston, Kane moved to Exeter, New Hampshire, as the first woman named to the George Bennett Fellowship in Writing at Phillips Exeter Academy. In 1976, Kane
Hidden Valley Kings The Hidden Valley Kings is a neighborhood-based gang in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was formed in Hidden Valley, a neighborhood located between Sugar Creek Road, Interstate 85, and North Tryon Street. The Hidden Valley Kings were formed by a former Vice Lords member who moved to Charlotte in the early 1980's. Initially, the gang was named Kings, standing for Krucial Islamic Nubian Gods. Eventually, the neighborhood gained independence as a gang and started to call themselves the Hidden Valley Kings, or HVK for short. They represented themselves with the color green and many members wore dreadlocks as a symbol of freedom. They also began organizing the neighborhood, mimicking the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, dividing it into three zones. The Hidden Valley Kings don't have too many known enemies but within the neighborhood, some members have been known to have altercations between Bloods and MS-13. On November 28, 2005, members of the Hidden Valley Kings ran into a rival drug dealer who refused to pay taxes at Eastland Mall. After a shootout in the mall's food court, the victim managed to escape. Later that night, the Kings lured the dealer into a local motel on North Tryon Street as they attempted to ambush the victim. Once again, the victim managed to escape. The Kings chased him down Tryon exchanging fire between the two vehicles. After colliding with a telephone pole, the victim took off running in a near by neighborhood. After a brief chase, the Kings eventually caught
Goin' Back Goin' Back (aka Going Back) is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King in 1966. It describes the loss of innocence that comes with adulthood along with an attempt, on the part of the singer, to recapture that youthful innocence. The song has been recorded by many different artists, including Dusty Springfield, Goldie Zelkowitz, The Byrds, Elkie Brooks, Deacon Blue, Marianne Faithfull, Bill Drummond (of The KLF), Nils Lofgren, Freddie Mercury (on a Larry Lurex single), The Move, The New Seekers, The Pretenders, Diana Ross, Richard Thompson, Phil Collins and Bon Jovi as well as by Carole King herself. Dusty Springfield's version. Although Goldie (of Goldie & The Gingerbreads) was the first artist to record the song, her version was withdrawn following disagreements with Goffin and King over the song's lyrics. Carole King then decided to record Goin' Back herself but ultimately she offered it to Dusty Springfield instead. Dusty went on to have an international hit with the song and consequently, it is her version that is considered the most well known. Dusty's version of Goin' Back was recorded on June 15, 1966 at Philips Studios, Stanhope Place, London, with musical accompaniment by Peter Knight and production by Johnny Franz. It was released as a single on July 1, 1966, reaching #10 in the UK Singles Chart but was not released as a single in America. Although Goin' Back was not included on any of Dusty Springfield's studio albums during the 1960s, it can
Hank Green William Henry Hank Green ll (born 5 May 1980) is an American entrepreneur, musician, and vlogger. He is best known for his YouTube channel Vlogbrothers where he regularly uploads videos along with his brother, John Green. He is also the creator of the online environmental technology blog EcoGeek, and the developer of Subbable. He is involved with several other channels on YouTube, including Crash Course, SciShow, The Lizzie Bennet Diaries, The Brain Scoop, and Sexplanations. Personal life. Green was born in Birmingham, Alabama, and his family soon moved to Orlando, Florida, where he was raised. He graduated from Winter Park High School in 1998 and then earned a bachelor's degree in biochemistry from Eckerd College and a master's degree in environmental studies from the University of Montana. Green currently resides in Missoula, Montana, with his wife Katherine, their cat Cameo, and their dog Lemon. Brotherhood 2.0. From January 1 to December 31, 2007, Green and his brother John ran a video blog project titled Brotherhood 2.0. The original project ran daily for the entire year, with the premise that the brothers would cease all text-based (textual) communication for the year and instead converse by daily video blogs, made available to the public via their YouTube channel Vlogbrothers and on their website. If, for some reason, the video is over 4 minutes or late, then punishments would be set out for the offender. The initial idea for the project was John's when, during an instant messaging conversation between
BBC Archives The BBC Archives are collections documenting the BBC's broadcasting history, including copies of television and radio broadcasts, internal documents, photographs, online content, sheet music, commercially available music, press cuttings and historic equipment. These collections are kept as both original copies, but are now in the process of being digitised, estimated to take until approximately 2015, with some collections now being uploaded onto the BBC Archives website on BBC Online for viewers to see. The archive is one of the largest broadcast archives in the world with over 12 million items. Overview. The BBC Archives encompass numerous different archives containing different materials produced or acquired by the BBC. The earliest material dates back to 1890 and now consists of 1 million hours of playable material, in addition to documents, photographs and equipment. The archives contain 12 million items on 66 miles of shelving spread over several sites. The stock is managed using a bar code system, which help to locate material on the shelves and also track material that has been lent out. The BBC says that the budget for managing, protecting and digitising the archive accounts for only a small part of the BBC's overall spend. The BBC is engaging in an ongoing project to digitise archived programme material, converting recordings made on older analogue formats such as audio tape, videotape and film to electronic formats which are compatible with modern computer systems. Much of the audio-visual material was originally recorded on formats which are now obsolete
Lotte Verbeek Lotte Verbeek (born 24 June 1982 in Venlo, Netherlands) is an award-winning Dutch actress, dancer and model. Her most famous role is Giulia Farnese in The Borgias television series created by Neil Jordan. Early life. Lotte Verbeek was educated at Gymnasium Collegium Marianum in Venlo and graduated in 2008 at the Theaterschool in Amsterdam. From 1999, Verbeek attended the Dance Academy in Arnhem and the Amsterdam Academy of Jazz/Musical Theatre and Dance, where she graduated in 2006. During her studies she worked as a dancer and model for photographer Erwin Olaf. Career. After completing high school, Verbeek started her acting career performing lead roles in Dutch movies such as Moes (2006) and LEFT (2007), in which she plays five double roles. In 2009 she won the Leopard for best actress at the Locarno International Film Festival for her role of Anne in Nothing Personal, Dutch movie directed by Urszula Antoniak. For the same part she was also the recipient of the best actress award at the International Film Festival of Marrakech 2009 and was nominated as best actress for the Golden Calf at the Netherlands Film Festival. In 2010 Verbeek received the Shooting Stars Award, the annual acting award for up-and-coming actors by European Film Promotion, at the Berlin International Film Festival. In the same year she was cast in Le Ragazze dello Swing (The Swing Girls), an award-winning Italian mini-series based on the Trio Lescano story. For her main role as Judith Leschan she received a
Umberto I of Italy Umberto I or Humbert I (, ; 14 March 1844 – 29 July 1900), nicknamed the Good (in Italian il Buono), was the King of Italy from 9 January 1878 until his death. Umberto's reign saw Italy attempt colonial expansion into East Africa, successfully gaining Eritrea and Somalia despite being defeated by Abyssinia at the Battle of Adowa in 1886. In 1882, he approved the Triple Alliance with the German Empire and Austria-Hungary. He was deeply loathed in leftist circles, because of his conservatism and support of the Bava-Beccaris massacre in Milan. He was especially hated by anarchists, who attempted an assassination on him during the first year of his reign. He was killed by another anarchist, Gaetano Bresci, two years after the Bava-Bacharis massacre. Youth. The son of Victor Emmanuel II and Archduchess Adelaide of Austria, Umberto was born in Turin, which was then capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia, on 14 March 1844, his father's 24th birthday. His education was entrusted to, amongst others, Massimo Taparelli, marquis d'Azeglio and Pasquale Stanislao Mancini. From March 1858 he had a military career in the Sardinian army, beginning with the rank of captain. Umberto took part in the Italian Wars of Independence: he was present at the battle of Solferino in 1859, and in 1866 commanded the XVI Division at the Villafranca battle that followed the Italian defeat at Custoza. Because of the upheaval the Savoys caused to a number of other royal houses (all the
Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program, commonly known as CARP, is an agrarian reform law of the Philippines passed in 1988. It is part of the long history of attempts at land reform in the Philippines. It is Republic Act No. 6657. The law was outlined by former President Corazon C. Aquino through Presidential Proclamation 131 and Executive Order 229 on June 22, 1987. The law was enacted by the 8th Congress of the Philippines and signed by Aquino on June 10, 1988. In this program, all lands exceeding seven hectares were bought by the government and sold to the landless farmers. Owners of lands were paid through installment basis for 15 years. Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Extension with Reforms. Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Extension with Reforms, known also as CALPER or CARPer, (Republic Act 9700) was an extension of CARP that was passed in 2009 and is set to expire in 2014. In December 2008, the budget for CARP has expired and there remained 1.2 million hectares of agricultural lands waiting to be acquired and distributed to farmers.  
Child pornography laws in Australia Child pornography laws in Australia prohibit all sexual depictions of children under the age of 18 (or under 16 in some states). This often includes images of people who merely appear to be under 18. For instance, magazine photographs of women with A breast cup sizes have been censored in recent years, reportedly leading to an increase in the average breast size of women in Australian magazines. Furthermore, there is a zero-tolerance policy in place, which covers purely fictional children as well as real children. The possession, production, distribution, import, export, sale, or access over the internet of child pornography is punishable by a maximum of 10 years imprisonment and/or a fine up to A$120,000 as well as sex offender register requirements. Japanese anime. In August 2007, an Australian was sentenced to pay an A$9,000 fine for attempting to import eight DVDs of Japanese anime found to contain pornographic depictions of children and 14 found to contain depictions of sexual violence. No images of real children were involved. Customs National Manager Investigations, Richard Janeczko, said that it was important to understand that even cartoons or drawings such as those depicted in anime were prohibited if they contained offensive sexual content. Cartoon depictions. Also, in December 2008, a New South Wales Supreme Court judge, Justice Michael Adams, ruled to uphold a magistrate's decision that a pornographic cartoon parodying characters on The Simpsons (Bart and Lisa) was child pornography, because follows that a fictional cartoon character,
Radioactive iodine uptake test The radioactive iodine uptake test, or RAIU test, is a type of scan used in the diagnosis of thyroid problems, particularly hyperthyroidism. It is entirely different from radioactive iodine therapy (RAI therapy), which uses much higher doses to destroy cancerous cells. The RAIU test is also used as a follow up to RAI therapy to verify that no thyroid cells survived, which could potentially still be cancerous. The patient swallows radioactive iodine in the form of capsule or fluid, and its absorption by the thyroid is studied after 4–6 hours and after 24 hours with the aid of a scintillation counter. The dose is typically 0.15–0.37 MBq (4–10 μCi) of 131I sodium iodide, or 3.7–7.4 MBq (100–200 μCi) of 123I sodium iodide. The normal uptake is between 15 and 25 percent, but this may be forced down if, in the meantime, the patient has eaten foods high in iodine, such as dairy products and seafood. Low uptake suggests thyroiditis, high uptake suggests Graves' disease, and unevenness in uptake suggests the presence of a nodule. The test is inappropriate for patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding. I-123 has a shorter half life than I-131 (a half day vs. 8.1 days), so use of I-123 exposes the body to less radiation, but at the expense of less time to evaluate delayed scan images. Also, I-123 emits gamma radiation, while I-131 emits gamma and beta radiation.  
Ip Ching Ip Ching is a Grandmaster of the Chinese Martial Art Wing Chun, one of five still living Grandmasters of the Ip Man (Yip Man) family of Wing Chun Gung Fu. Biography. Ip Ching (Ip Hok Ching Chinese 葉學正 )(born in Foshan, China in 1936) is the second eldest son of Yip Man. At a young age Ip Ching started his training along with his brother Ip Chun, under his master Yip Man (also his father). However this was short lived as his father had to leave and travel to Hong Kong in search of a better life for his family. In 1962 Ip Ching and his older brother Ip Chun were reunited with their father in Hong Kong. Ip Ching resumed his training under Ip Man’s direct guidance. Yip Man taught from his home and today this is where Ip Ching resides. As well as learning Wing Chun at his father’s home Ip Ching also was an avid observer of his father teaching other students. In turn gaining valuable insight on his father’s teaching methods. In 1972 Grand Master Yip Man died. Ip Ching continued teaching whilst running a manufacturing business. In 1994 he retired from his work and decided to open his doors to full time, teaching Wing Chun across the globe.  
Isabella I of Castile Isabella I (, Old Spanish: Ysabel I; 22 April 1451 – 26 November 1504), also known as Isabella the Catholic, was queen of Castile and León (Crown of Castile). She and her husband, Ferdinand II of Aragon, brought stability to the kingdoms that became the basis for the political unification of Spain under their grandson, Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. After a struggle to claim her right to the throne, she reorganized the governmental system, brought the crime rate to the lowest it had been in years, and unburdened the kingdom of the enormous debt her brother had left behind. Her reforms and those she made with her husband had an influence that extended well beyond the borders of their united kingdoms. Isabella and Ferdinand are known for completing the Reconquista, ordering conversion or exile of their Muslim and Jewish subjects and for supporting and financing Christopher Columbus' 1492 voyage that led to the opening of the New World. Isabella was granted the title Servant of God by the Catholic Church in 1974. Life and reign. Early years. Isabella was born in Madrigal de las Altas Torres, Ávila, to John II of Castile and Isabella of Portugal on 22 April 1451. At the time of her birth, her older half-brother Henry preceded her in the line of succession. Henry was 26 at that time and married but childless. Her younger brother Alfonso was born two years later on 17 November 1453 and displaced her in
Kartvelian languages The Kartvelian languages () (also known as South Caucasian) are a language family native to the Caucasus and spoken primarily in Georgia, with large groups of native speakers in Russia, the United States, the European Union, Israel, and northeastern parts of Turkey. There are approximately 5.2 million speakers of Kartvelian languages worldwide. It is not known to be related to any other language family, making it one of the world's primary language families. The first literary source in a Kartvelian language (the inscription of Abba Antoni, composed in ancient Georgian script at the Georgian monastery near Bethlehem) dates back to 430 AD. Social and cultural status. Georgian is the official language of Georgia (spoken by 90% of the population) and the main language for literary and business use for all Kartvelian speakers in Georgia. It is written with an original and distinctive alphabet, and the oldest surviving literary text dates from the 5th century AD — the only Caucasian language that does possess an ancient literary tradition. The old Georgian script seems to have derived from Aramaic, with Greek influences. Mingrelian has been written with the Georgian alphabet since 1864, especially in the period from 1930 to 1938, when the Mingrelians enjoyed some cultural autonomy, and after 1989. The Laz language was written chiefly between 1927 and 1937, and now again in Turkey, with the Latin alphabet. Laz, however, is disappearing as its speakers are integrating into mainstream Turkish society. Classification. The Kartvelian language family consists of
Kailasakona Falls Kailasakona - water falls - 80 km(Picnic spot.) Kailasakona is a beautiful perennial waterfall, situated in the Nagari valley of Chittoor District. This sacred waterfall is rich in minerals and possesses medicinal powers. A small temple of Shiva and Parvati is seen nearby. The waterfalls can be accessed easily from Tirupati. Photo Links http://www.panoramio.com/photo/6348432  
Ethnic groups in Rwanda The most prevalent ethnic groups in Rwanda are the Hutus (about 85% of the population), the Tutsis (14%), and the Twa (1%). Starting with the Tutsi feudal monarchy rule of the Tenth century, the Hutus were a subjugated social group. It was not until Belgian colonization that the tensions between the Hutus and Tutsis became focused on race, the Belgians propagating the myth that Tutsis were the superior ethnicity. The resulting tensions would eventually foster the slaughtering of Tutsis in the Rwandan genocide. Since then, government policy has changed to recognize one main ethnicity: Rwandan. Pre-colonial background of Rwanda. When Europeans first explored the region around the Great Lakes of Chad that has since become Rwanda, they created an interpretation of the people found in the region as three racially distinct tribes, coexisting in a complex social order: the Tutsis, Hutus, and Twa. The Tutsis, an elite minority of about 14% of the population, were tall, slim pastoralists. The Hutu majority, about 85% of the population, were stocky, strong farmers. And the Twa were a marginalized minority of 1% of the population: a tribe of pygmies, dwelling in the forests as hunters and gatherers. Although these groups were distinct and stratified in relation to one another, the boundary between Tutsi and Hutu was somewhat open to social mobility. The Tutsi elite were defined by their exclusive ownership of land and cattle. Hutus, however, though disenfranchised socially and politically, could shed Hutuness, or kwihutura, by accumulating
Toby Regbo Toby Regbo (born 18 October 1991) is an English actor who has appeared in film, television and theatre. Early life. He was born Toby Finn Regbo in London, England. His father's family is of Norwegian origin. Regbo is a made-up name chosen by an ancestor to replace the common Norwegian name of Hanson, and Toby is related to all of the twenty or so Regbos that there are in the world, as of 2011. His maternal grandparents were an Italian cruise ship captain and an Australian ballerina, but his mother was born and brought up in London. He attended Latymer Upper School in West London. His interest in acting started with plays at school; later on, he attended Young Blood Theatre Company. Career. Regbo started his acting career with a small role in 2006 ITV television film Sharpe's Challenge. In 2007, he played American teen spy Chad Turner in an episode of CBBC children's spy-fi adventure series M.I. High. In 2009, he played Michael Walton in Stephen Poliakoff's period drama Glorious 39. His biggest role to date was in a science fiction drama Mr. Nobody, premiered in 2009. He played eponymous character Nemo Nobody (in his teenage years). He played young Albus Dumbledore in the film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1. He made his stage début as Eliot in Tusk Tusk, a 2009 play by Polly Stenham, at the Royal Court Theatre in London. Regbo played James Sveck in the film version of
Arsenal F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry The Arsenal F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry is a notable rivalry in English football as both clubs are recognised as having great history and traditions. Although the two clubs have frequently been in the same division as each other since 1919, the rivalry has largely arisen since around 1990. Many of the clashes in recent times between the two teams in the late 1990s and early 2000s have been due to the teams being fierce rivals for the Premier League and FA Cup. There is also enmity between English football's longest serving managers, Arsenal's Arsène Wenger and United's Sir Alex Ferguson, and their former club captains Patrick Vieira and Roy Keane. The rivalry has been noted for on-field trouble, particularly the contests in 1990, cumulating in 2003 and 2004. In recent years with Manchester United being less competitive, the rivalry has dimished somewhat, according to former Arsenal player Lee Dixon, while Manchester United has also stated that the two teams have cooled from those heated exchanges. Origins. A particularly memorable match between the two sides came on 1 February 1958, when they met in a league fixture at Highbury – the last league game that United played before the Munich air disaster five days later, which claimed the lives of eight of their players and saw two other players injured to such an extent that they never played again. United won the game 5–4, with goals from Tommy Taylor (twice), Duncan Edwards, Bobby Charlton and
Seiðr Seiðr (sometimes anglicized as seidhr, seidh, seidr, seithr or seith) is an Old Norse term for a type of sorcery which was practised in Norse society during the Late Scandinavian Iron Age. Connected with Norse religion, its origins are largely unknown, although it gradually eroded following the Christianization of Scandinavia. Accounts of seiðr later made it into sagas and other literary sources, while further evidence has been unearthed by archaeologists. Various scholars have debated the nature of seiðr, some arguing that it was shamanic in context, involving visionary journeys by its practitioners. Seiðr practitioners were of both genders, although females are more widely attested, with such sorceresses being variously known as vǫlur, seiðkonur and vísendakona. There were also accounts of male practitioners, known as seiðmenn, but in practising magic they brought a social taboo, known as ergi, on to themselves, and were sometimes persecuted as a result. In many cases these magical practitioners would have had assistants to aid them in their rituals. Within pre-Christian Norse mythology, seiðr was associated with both the god Oðinn, a deity who was simultaneously responsible for war, poetry and sorcery, as well as the goddess Freyja, a member of the Vanir who was believed to have taught the practice to the Æsir. In the 20th century, adherents of various modern pagan new religious movements adopted forms of magico-religious practice that they have referred to as seiðr. The practices of these contemporary seiðr-workers have since been investigated by various academic researchers operating in
Tin-Tin Kyrano Tin-Tin Kyrano is a character in the mid-1960s British television show Thunderbirds. In the original TV series and its original movie adaptations, Tin-Tin, like the other characters, is portrayed using a marionette, and Christine Finn provided her voice. Tin-Tin is the daughter of Kyrano, an old friend of Jeff Tracy and joins the International Rescue team shortly after they begin operating. Ironically, Tin-Tin becomes involved in their first rescue mission when she is onboard Fireflash which due to sabotage by her half uncle The Hood has to be rescued by International Rescue. Tin-Tin has a variety of roles on Tracy Island from playing secretary to Jeff (Terror In New York City), laboratory and engineering assistant to Brains (City Of Fire, Danger At Ocean Deep) and sometimes accompanies International Rescue on their missions, most notably the rescue of the Sun probe spaceship (Sun Probe). She is also known to accompany Lady Penelope on espionage missions (The Cham Cham). Broadcasts of fictional programs in Japan typically include subtitles introducing the names of characters when they first appear on screen. The actor's names are listed underneath, when live characters are involved. Tin-Tin, however, is introduced as Min-Min. This is because there is no character in Japanese for ti, and chi is usually substituted instead. However, chin-chin is a Japanese colloquialism for the male phallus, which is a wholly inappropriate name for a teenage girl. Tin-Tin is romantically involved with Alan Tracy, though her feelings for Alan were clouded when an
Earth Quest Adventures Earth Quest Adventures is a resort located in New Caney, Texas, approximately north of Houston that is scheduled to open to the public in 2014 or 2015. Contour Entertainment is the resort's master planner and lead designer. The planned resort will include a theme park as well as a water park, hotel, conference center, retail and office developments. The size of the theme park is reported to be on opening. The first phase was planned to begin in 2008. The creator and founder of the park describes it as a $500 million project with about 50 rides, including being inside a volcano, an ice cave, as well as coasters, and technologies that haven’t been used before. On November 17, 2010, Earth Quest was redesigned to cut the cost from $500 million to $300 million and to add construction phases. These changes are being made to secure and satisfy the project's investors. According to the official Contour Entertainment (The project's masterplanner and lead designer) website,the first phase of the project is to premiere in late 2012 or early 2013.  
No homo The phrases no homo and pause are slang terms. They parenthetically assert that the speaker of such does not have any homosexual intent and are usually used after an utterance that may have given that impression. History. The term no homo originated in East Harlem slang of the early 1990s. It was used by many to distance themselves from the stereotype of closeted gay and bisexual men. Criticism. Several social commentators have criticized the use of both no homo and pause in hip hop and in the mainstream. It has been said that the phrases uphold an unhealthy relationship with homosexuality, a relationship based in fear. Fox News commentator Marc Lamont Hill encouraged the hip-hop community to stop using no homo in its music. At the same time, Slate columnist Jonah Weiner suggested the use of the phrase is somewhat more complex. Weiner notes several hip hop artistssuch as Cam'ron and Lil Waynecultivate an extravagant and camp public persona while embracing homophobia, thus saying no homo can help expand established concepts of masculinity, and challenge the status quo. Nick Catucci, writing for New York magazine, disagrees with this assessment. In his view, no homo is merely another form of gay bashing, and to a large extent is used simply because it just sounds good, and is easily applicable in rhymes. A rapper like Cam'ron, Catucci argues, will use the phrase and dress in pink simply to show that he is man enough to get away with it,
Leila Pahlavi Princess Leila Pahlavi , (27 March 1970 – 10 June 2001), born in Tehran, Iran was the youngest daughter of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran, and his third wife, Farah Pahlavi. Early life. Leila was born on 27 March 1970 in Tehran. She was the fourth child of the Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and the Empress Farah Pahlavi. In exile. She was nine years old when her family was forced into exile as a result of the Iranian Revolution. Following her father's death in Egypt from non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 1980, the family settled in the United States. She graduated from Rye Country Day School in 1988 and went on to attend a state school in Massachusetts before going on to study at Brown University, graduating in 1992. Pahlavi never married and spent most of her time commuting between her home in Greenwich, Connecticut, and Paris where her mother lives. A onetime model for the designer Valentino, she suffered from anorexia nervosa, chronic low self-esteem, severe depression and chronic fatigue syndrome. She spent much of her time being treated in clinics in the United States and Britain. The princess is reported to have spent much of her last year staying at the Leonard Hotel in London paying £450 a night for her favourite suite. The hotel's manager, Angela Stoppani, is quoted in The Daily Telegraph as saying the princess went to the hotel to chill out. Death. On Sunday 10 June 2001, Leila was found dead in
Easy Rock Network Easy Rock is a radio network in the Philippines owned by Cebu Broadcasting Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of Manila Broadcasting Company) due to radio ownership guidelines in the Philippines. Its main studios are located in Star City Complex, Pasay City, Metro Manila, with nine regional stations located throughout the Philippines. The main format of the Easy Rock network of stations is lite rock music. History. The Easy Rock Network was formed on May 18, 2009. The formation of the Easy Rock Network started with an initial rebrand of the newly acquired DWRK radio station, which MBC bought from the ACWS-United Broadcasting network on October 6, 2008. The Easy Rock network was later expanded by rebranding a number of former Yes FM stations, Love Radio and Hot FM stations to Easy Rock. The format of Easy Rock resembles of the WRock Format. Easy Rock stations. Easy Rock is also broadcast to 9 provincial stations in the Philippines  
Demographics of Berlin As of March 2010, the city-state of Berlin had a population of 3,440,441 registered inhabitants in an area of . The city's population density was 3,848 inhabitants per km² (9,966/sq mi). The urban area of Berlin stretches beyond the city limits and comprises about 3.7 million people, while the metropolitan area of the Berlin-Brandenburg region is home to about 4.3 million in an area of . In 2004, The Larger Urban Zone was home to over 4.9 million people in an area of 17,385 km². Overview. National and international migration into the city has a long history. In 1685, following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in France, the city responded with the Edict of Potsdam, which guaranteed religious freedom and tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years. The Greater Berlin Act in 1920 incorporated many suburbs and surrounding cities of Berlin. It formed most of the territory that comprises modern Berlin. The act increased the area of Berlin from to and the population from 1.9 million to 4 million. Active immigration and asylum politics in West Berlin triggered waves of immigration in the 1960s and 1970s. Currently, Berlin is home to about 250,000 Turks (especially in Kreuzberg, Neukölln and Wedding, a locality in the borough of Mitte), making it the largest Turkish community outside of Turkey. In the 1990s the Aussiedlergesetze enabled immigration to Germany of some residents from the former Soviet Union. Today ethnic Germans from countries of the former Soviet
Trevor Ferrell Trevor Ferrell (b. c. 1972) is an advocate for homeless people. He started Trevor’s Campaign for the Homeless in 1983, when he was 11 years old. On December 8, 1983, he watched a news program on street people. This prompted him to ask his parents, Frank and Janet Ferrell, how he could help. They drove their son into Philadelphia that night to give bedding to a homeless man who was sleeping on the sidewalk in front of the Union League in Center City. He later established a shelter called Trevor's Place with the help of his parents. A book titled Trevor's Place was written by his father and published in 1985. He was honored for his efforts by President Ronald Reagan in his 1986 State of the Union address. A TV movie titled Christmas on Division Street aired in 1991 with Fred Savage as Trevor. A 1994 episode of the series titled Brotherly Love: The Trevor Ferrell Story was made about his efforts. When he was 18, he and his family left Trevor’s Campaign. He currently runs a thrift shop on Lancaster Avenue. In 1985, Ferrell received the Samuel S. Beard Award for Greatest Public Service by an Individual 35 Years or Under, an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards.  
Mark Hentemann Mark Hentemann is an American animation writer. He is currently the executive producer and showrunner of the animated series Family Guy, where he started as a writer in its first season. In addition, Hentemann has also provided voices for many minor characters on Family Guy, including the Phony Guy and Opie. Hentemann has also written for the Late Show with David Letterman. Career. Hentemann grew up in Cleveland, Ohio, and began his career as a greeting card writer and illustrator for American Greetings. His cards caught the interest of David Letterman and allowed him his first job in television writing for The Late Show. Mark Hentemann joined Family Guy in its first season as a writer, and is currently executive producer and showrunner, along with fellow writer Steve Callaghan. He has written, produced and provided voice acting on several half-hours, including 3 South, which he created for MTV. Personal life. Mark Hentemann now lives in Los Angeles with his wife, Lynne, and they have three children. Hentemann attended Cleveland Saint Ignatius High School and Miami University.  
Electromeric effect This effect is shown by those compounds containing multiple bonds. When a double bond or triple bond is exposed to an attack by a reagent, a pair of bonding electrons involved in the pi bond is transferred completely fron one atom to another. This effect will remain till the attacking reagent is present. As soonas the reagent is removed, the polarized molecule will come back to the original state. Electromeric effect refers to a molecular polarizability effect occurring by an intramolecular electron displacement (sometimes called the ‘conjugative mechanism’ and, previously, the ‘tautomeric mechanism’) characterized by the substitution of one electron pair for another within the same atomic octet of electrons. However, this term is now considered and this effect is considered along with the inductive effect. +E and -E groups. Electromeric effect can be classified into +E and -E effects based on the direction of transfer of the electron pair. When the electron pair moves towards the attacking reagent, it is termed as the +E effect. The addition of acids to alkenes is an example of the +E effect. After the transfer takes place, the reagent gets attached to the atom where the electrons have been transferred to. The -E effect can be found in reactions such as addition of cyanide ion to carbonyl compounds. In these reactions, the electron pair moves away from the attacking reagent. >C=O. As another example, consider the carbonyl group, >C=O, present in electromeric effect aldehydes and ketones. When a negatively charged
Weather pains Weather pains or weather related pain classified as Other specified adverse effects not elsewhere classified, is a phenomenon that occurs when people feel pain, particularly joint pain or migraine headaches correlating with changes in barometric pressure and other weather phenomena. Overview. The majority of people who suffer from conditions such as arthritis report feeling severe or less commonly moderate pain when a weather front is approaching. Symptoms also occur when the humidity level changes and when precipitation manifests itself or changes pattern. Other conditions reported in relation to this are any bone injuries, osteoporosis, fibromyalgia, and carpal tunnel syndrome. Victims of explosives also suffer from similar pains due to micro-fractures along their skeletal system. History. The perceived relationship between changes in weather and pain has been recorded since the classical Roman age. Hippocrates was the first to note, in about 400 B.C., that many illnesses were related to changes in season. The large body of folklore about how weather affects pain is reflected by traditional sayings and expressions, such as aches and pain, coming rains, feeling under the weather, and ill health due to evil winds. Case Reports. The first publication of documented changes in pain perception associated with the weather was in the American Journal of Medical Sciences in 1887. This case report described a person with phantom limb pain who concluded that approaching storms, dropping barometric pressure and rain were associated with increased pain complaint. Most investigations examining the relationship between weather and pain have
Arturo Guzmán Decena Arturo Guzmán Decena (a.k.a. Z-1) (13 January 1976 − 21 November 2002) was a Mexican Army Special Forces soldier who, in 1997, defected to the Gulf Cartel, where he founded and commanded Los Zetas, the mercenary gang at the service of the cartel's drug lord, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén. Guzmán Decena was born in a poor family in Puebla and joined the military as a teenager to escape from poverty. While in the military, he was a talented and bright soldier, earning a position in the Special Forces of the Mexican military by the mid-1990s. During his military career, Guzmán Decena received counter-insurgency training, acquired skills in explosives, and learned how to track down and apprehend his enemies from an elite combat group trained by the U.S. Special Forces and the Israel Defense Forces. He began to take bribes from the Gulf Cartel while still serving in the military, but eventually defected to work full-time for the criminal organization in 1997. For years he recruited other members of the Mexican Armed Forces to form Los Zetas, the armed wing of the Gulf Cartel, along with Cárdenas Guillén. He served as the right-hand man of Cárdenas Guillén until 21 November 2002, when he was gunned down and killed by the Mexican Army in the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas. Biography. Career and military defection. Guzmán Decena was born in a poor village in Puebla, Mexico on 13 January 1976, and finished middle school and high school before joining
Craig Glenday Craig Glenday (born 31 May 1973) is the editor-in-chief of the Guinness World Records. Glenday's interest in Guinness World Records began in 1983, when he was ten, and received the book as a present. Career. Prior to working at Guinness World Records, Glenday had previously been a church organist, a theatre-pit drummer and a food critic, as well as a medical photographer.  
Andreu Fontàs Andreu Fontàs i Prat (; born 14 November 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo mainly as a central defender. Club career. Early years. Born in Banyoles, Girona, Catalonia, Fontàs was a product of FC Barcelona's youth system, having previously played for amateurs CD Banyoles for 11 years. Originally a defensive midfielder, he was reconverted into central defender by the B-team's coach Luis Enrique, a former Barcelona player. Barcelona. Fontàs made his first team debut on 31 August 2009, replacing another La Masia graduate, Gerard Piqué, in the final six minutes of a 3–0 La Liga home win against Sporting de Gijón. Earlier into the 2009–10 season he was called by manager Pep Guardiola to the Spanish Supercup and UEFA Super Cup games, respectively against Athletic Bilbao and FC Shakhtar Donetsk, but finally did not make the bench on either occasion. Fontàs spent the vast majority of his first senior seasons registered with the reserves. On 20 November 2010, Fontàs started for the first time in the league with the first team, assisting Pedro Rodríguez with a 50-meter pass for the fourth goal, as Barcelona trounced UD Almería 8–0 away. On 7 December he made his UEFA Champions League debut, against FC Rubin Kazan: as the Catalans had already progressed to the knock-out stages as group winners, he scored in the 2–0 home win, converting a pass from fellow youth graduate Thiago Alcântara. On 16 March 2011, Fontàs was promoted to the
1964 PRL symmetry breaking papers In 1964 three teams proposed related but different approaches to explain how mass could arise in local gauge theories. These three, now famous, papers were written by Robert Brout and François Englert, Peter Higgs, and Gerald Guralnik, C. Richard Hagen, and Tom Kibble, and are credited with the theory of the Higgs mechanism and the prediction of the Higgs field and Higgs boson. Together, these provide a theoretical means by which Goldstone's theorem (a problematic limitation affecting early modern particle physics theories) can be avoided. They show how gauge bosons can acquire non-zero masses as a result of spontaneous symmetry breaking within gauge invariant models of the universe. As such, these form the key element of the electroweak theory that forms part of the Standard Model of particle physics, and of many models, such as the Grand Unified Theory, that go beyond it. The papers that introduce this mechanism were published in Physical Review Letters (PRL) and were each recognized as milestone papers by PRL's 50th anniversary celebration. Additionally, all of the six physicists were awarded the 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics for this work. On 4 July 2012, the two main experiments at the LHC (ATLAS and CMS) both reported independently the confirmed existence of a previously unknown particle with a mass of about (about 133 proton masses, on the order of 10−25 kg), which is consistent with the Higgs boson and widely believed to be the Higgs boson.
Balancing rock A balancing rock, also called balanced rock or precarious boulder, is a naturally occurring geological formation featuring a large rock or boulder, sometimes of substantial size, resting on other rocks, bedrock or on glacial till. Some formations known by this name only appear to be balancing but are in fact firmly connected to a base rock by a pedestal or stem. There is no single scientific definition of the term, and it has been applied to a variety of rock features that fall into one of four general categories: Famous balancing rocks. Africa. Zimbabwe Asia and Australia. Australia North America. Canada United States  
Heroes of Woodstock Tour The Heroes of Woodstock Tour was a North American concert tour celebrating the 40th anniversary of the 1969 Woodstock Festival. The tour featured several bands, most of which performed at the original Woodstock festival or feature members that performed at the festival. The musicians featured differed slightly from venue to venue but most of the concerts featured Jefferson Starship, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Canned Heat, Ten Years After and Tom Constanten. Some dates featured Melanie, Edgar Winter, John Sebastian, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Mountain and the Levon Helm Band. Country Joe McDonald hosted all of the concerts, playing a couple of songs in between the different sets. Soundboard Downloads. With every ticket to a Heroes of Woodstock performance the ticket holder received a free soundboard download of the concert they attended in .mp3 format. The downloads became available one to five days after a concert ended and were be available for free for three days. In order to access the download a person had to enter a code given away at the concert they attended. After three days of access the files were no longer available for free download but .flac files were still available for purchase. Tour dates. August 1, 2009 - Soaring Eagle Casino, Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Performers:Jefferson Starship, John Sebastian, Canned Heat, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Tom Constanten, Country Joe McDonald August 2, 2009 - Fraze Pavilion, Kettering, Ohio. Performers: Jefferson Starship, John Sebastian, Canned Heat, Big Brother and
Balanced salt solution A balanced salt solution (BSS) is a solution made to a physiological pH and salt concentration. Solutions most commonly include sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and chloride. Balanced salt solutions are used for washing tissues and cells and are usually combined with other agents to treat the tissues and cells. They provide the cells with water and inorganic ions, while maintaining a physiological pH and osmotic pressure. Sometimes glucose is added as an energy source and phenol red is used as a pH indicator. In medicine, balanced salt solutions can be used as an irrigation solution such as during intraocular surgery and to replace intraocular fluids.  
Yamaha Crux The Yamaha Crux is a 106 cc, single-cylinder four-stroke motorcycle made by India Yamaha Motor. The Crux is designed for Indian and neighboring markets. Its upgraded version is known as the Yamaha Libero G5. Unlike Libero G5, Crux has round head lights. Although it shares the same engine with Yamaha Libero, Crux is targeted towards the lowest end of the low end segment (100 cc segment) A different version of crux known as crux r was introduced with the same specifications but rectangular headlights. But after it could not make a considerable sales, the production was halted.  
Sport in Cuba Sports are Cuba's national passion. Due to historical associations with the United States, many Cubans participate in sports which are popular in North America, rather than sports traditionally promoted in other Latin American nations. Baseball is by far the most popular; other sports and pastimes include football (soccer), basketball, volleyball, and athletics. Cuba is a dominant force in amateur boxing, consistently achieving high medal tallies in major international competitions. Baseball and boxing are the most popular sports in Cuba, the former being the national sport. Association football is commonly played as well. The Cuban Sports Program. Post Revolutionary Cuba prides itself on its success in sports. What the Revolution has done for sports in Cuba can be summed up by the phrase “Sport for All.” Fidel Castro believes that sports should be “the right of the people,” not the right of the wealthy. He compared Pre-Revolutionary and Post-Revolutionary Cuba by explaining that while before only the wealthy could enjoy sports, now everyone can enjoy sports. He also explains that talent in sport comes from hard work, and a strong will. These are not traits the naturally wealthy have; rather these are traits that working-class people have. In modern Cuban society, sport and physical education begin when a child is only 45 days old. The mothers are taught to exercise their children's limbs and massage their muscles to keep them healthy. Children are taught at a later age to play games that resemble physical exercise. These ideas
Baby Darling Doll Face Honey Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is the debut album for English alternative rock band Band of Skulls. It was released on April 7, 2009 in England and July 28, 2009 in America. The artwork is based on paintings by bass player/vocalist Emma Richardson. Baby Darling Doll Face Honey was produced, recorded and mixed by Ian Davenport, (Supergrass, Badly Drawn Boy), and recorded at Courtyard Studios in Oxfordshire and mixed at the House of Blues studio in Los Angeles. The special edition of this CD available at Best Buy includes a live version of the song I Know What I Am and an acoustic version of the song Fires. The vinyl release includes the additional track Hollywood Bowl, placed at the end of Side 1 after Patterns. The first single I Know What I Am was released as the single of the week in Canada. The album's first track Light of the Morning, was featured in a television ad for the 2011 Ford Mustang. The song I Know What I Am features in the music game  and as a downloadable track for Rock Band through the Rock Band Network, while the song Patterns features in the driving simulator Gran Turismo 5. The album debuted belatedly on the UK Indie Chart on 27 February 2010 at position 50. Reception. Critical reception to Baby Darling Doll Face Honey has been generally positive. In the UK Classic Rock gave the album a 9 out of 10 review,
Neveldine/Taylor Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, known together professionally as Neveldine & Taylor or Neveldine/Taylor, are American filmmakers. Their written and directed productions are known for being dark, edgy and over the top, while maintaining a small budget. Both Neveldine and Taylor have written and directed several films together that include Crank, and its sequel, . Films. Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor made their feature film debut with Crank, a 2006 film starring Jason Statham. The duo later wrote and produced the 2008 thriller Pathology. In 2009, Neveldine and Taylor wrote and directed ', a sequel to Crank, and Gamer, a science fiction action thriller starring Gerard Butler. The duo were originally slated to direct the film adaptation of DC Comics's Jonah Hex, but stepped down due to creative differences with film distributor Warner Bros. They are still credited as screenwriters for the film. The duo directed ' (2012), the sequel to Ghost Rider. Cinematography. Neveldine and Taylor frequently serve as camera operators for their films, and are known for having their films shot entirely in high-definition video. As camera operators, the duo are known for their roller dolly technique, which involves the camera shooting the film while on rollerblades. Taylor commented on this technique while filming Crank: The Rollercam footage was really the most dramatic and technically challenging of the movie. Mark absolutely could not be tethered or restricted by any cables when blading at speeds up to 30mph... For Crank: High Voltage, the duo used consumer-grade camcorders,
Manuel Chua Manuel Chua (born October 29, 1980) is a Filipino male model and actor. He was discovered in the Filipino version of the reality game show Pinoy Fear Factor which was aired on ABS-CBN, from November 2008 to February 2009. Hailing from the far-flung land of Nueva Ecija, Chua traveled for 36 hours in an airplane to Argentina where he came face to face with snakes, was dunked into icy cold water, ate all sorts of unnamable foodstuff and became a celebrity. He was just this guy based in Nueva Ecija with a small appliance retail store and a four year-old daughter, when he was in Argentina with the rest of the contestant, all they had to focus on were the stunts, and their growing competitiveness as more people were sent home. Eventually Manuel was one of the few left, and from the fan posting at the Pinoy Fear Factor Website SuperManuel is the favorite to win. Though he did not win as the El Ultimo Participante title, he has won the hearts of the many Filipinos who watched the show. And from being the apple of the eye of his large fans, he was given acting break by the Network. Chua currently is a member of ABS CBN's elite circle of homegrown talents, Star Magic.  
Fable III Fable III is the third video game in the Fable series of action role-playing open world video games. The game was published by Microsoft Game Studios and developed by Lionhead Studios for the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The story focuses on the player character's struggle to overthrow the King of Albion by forming alliances and building support for a revolution. After a successful revolt, the player becomes the monarch and is tasked with attempting to defend Albion from a great evil. The game was released on 29 October 2010 for Xbox 360 and on 20 May 2011 for PC via both Games for Windows and Steam. The PC version includes a Hardcore mode and 3D functionality not found in the Xbox 360 version. The game includes the voice acting from Ben Kingsley, Stephen Fry, Simon Pegg, Michael Fassbender, Zoë Wanamaker, Bernard Hill, Nicholas Hoult and John Cleese. Synopsis. Plot. Fable III is set 50 years after the events of Fable II. The game is set on the fictional continent of Albion, which is entering the age of industry. The Hero of Bowerstone (the player character of Fable II) and ruler of Albion, has died and left the Kingdom to their eldest son, Logan, the player's older brother. Some NPCs allude to how Logan has changed in the last four years of his rule, becoming excessively tyrannical. The player begins the game investigating rumours that Logan had a citizen of Albion executed, causing a group of citizens
Sadh The Sadh is one of the few endogamous which come under Hinduism They call the God in the name Satavgat, which means the true name. Their customs and traditions are similar to Hinduism from where most of the members are recruited. Their population is mainly concentrated in Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan and Punjab. The Origin. The following paragraph is the story of the Sadh origin as per Sadh belief & their holy book. Sadh community has an entire different picture of the creation of Earth, creation of mankind and the entire natural process of everything we see and do in our life. They believe in the supreme power which is above all other Hindu deities, Sat Avgat literal meaning: sat se avgat hona; for them its the true creator. Sadh community pray to their creator Satgur Saheb. Rumors have it that this sect was started by Birbhan Sadh but the Sadh holy book Nirvaan Gyaan has mentioned that with the wish and command of Satgur Saheb the creation of Earth & mankind took place and everyone was Sadh at the beginning of time, its what the people did and believed in& karma and their own doing led to the creation of different religions and sects. Their Holy book Nirvaan Gyaan has kadas which have the entire details from the day of creation and further. The book also contains rules and regulations in the form of Bani's(Shlokas) a Sadh should follow. It also mentions ways by which a Sadh
Patwa The Patwa are a mainly Hindu and Jain community, who originated from North India. Traditionally they were weavers and engaged in jewellery-making business and worked with silver and golden threads. History. According to the traditions of the Patwa, they descend from a deota (a Hindu god). The Patwa have many sub-groups, the Devvanshi,Deval,Patkar, Raghuvanshi and Kanaujia Khandelwal. They principally fall under vaish (Baniya) category. However some sub-groups come in the (kayastha) category. The Patwa are an endogamous community, and follow the principle of gotra exogamy. Maheshvaris are also patwas of the baniya category. They are Hindu and Jain, and worship the goddess Bhagwati and Mahavira. Like other Hindu artisan castes, the Patwa have a traditional caste council, which settles issues of divorce, minor disputes and cases of adultery. Present Circumstances. The Patwa are involved in selling women's decorative articles like earrings, necklaces and cosmetics. They also deal in small household items, such as hand fans made of palm. The community was traditionally associated with threading of beads and binding together of silver and gold threads, while others have expanded into other businesses. They are found all over India, mainly in Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Maharastra, Uttar Pradesh, in the districts of Bareilly, Badaun, Mau,Ghazipur,balia, Lucknow, Gorakhpur, Hardoi, Jalaun, Shahjahanpur, Sitapur, Lakhimpur-kheri, Jhansi Varanasi(Benaras) and Lalitpur , In Bihar, the community is sub-divided as Patwa and Tantu Patwa.Tantu patwa is a other cast they not belong to patwa cast. The Patwas are mainly weavers and braid makers. The Tantu Patwa
Montori Hughes Montori Hughes (born August 25, 1990) is an American football nose tackle for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). Hughes played college football for the University of Tennessee at Martin. The Indianapolis Colts selected him in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft. Early years. Hughes was born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. He attended Siegel High School in Murfreesboro, where he was a three-year starter and led the Siegel Stars high school football team in tackles with 106, tackles-for-loss with 25 and sacks with 13 as a senior in 2007. He was named the Region 4-5A Defensive MVP, all-region, all-area and all-county and participated in the Toyota East-West All-Star Classic in 2007. Also starring in basketball, Hughes averaged double figures in scoring and rebounding for Siegel High School. Rated only a two-star recruit by Rivals.com, Hughes was not ranked among the best defensive tackle prospects in the nation. Scout.com, which listed Hughes as a three-star recruit, ranked him as No. 49 overall defensive tackle in the 2008 class. Jamie Newberg of Scout.com later admitted that recruiting services overlooked Hughes: Right now, to me, he may be the best prospect in the state when it's all said and done. And we just flat missed him. Hughes had scholarship offers from Jacksonville State and Tennessee State, but committed to Tennessee after head coach Phillip Fulmer offered him a scholarship. Fulmer compared Hughes to former Vols defensive tackle Justin Harrell, who transformed from a little-known recruit to
Robert Pattinson Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson (born 13 May 1986) is an English actor, model, musician and producer. Pattinson started his career by playing Cedric Diggory in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. He later landed the leading role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels by Stephenie Meyer, and came to worldwide fame, thus establishing himself among the highest paid and most bankable actors in Hollywood. In 2010, Pattinson was named one of TIME magazine's 100 Most Influential People in The World, and also in the same year Forbes ranked him as one of the most powerful celebrities in the world in the Forbes Celebrity 100. Since the Twilight series ended in 2012, Pattinson has ventured into doing small independent films. Early life. Pattinson was born in London, England. His father, Richard, imported vintage cars from America, and his mother, Clare, worked for a modelling agency. Pattinson has two elder sisters, singer Lizzy Pattinson, and Victoria Pattinson. Growing up in the Barnes suburb of London, he attended Tower House School until he was 12, and then The Harrodian School. He became involved in amateur theatre at the Barnes Theatre Company. He auditioned and was cast in a small role in Guys and Dolls. He next auditioned for Thornton Wilder's Our Town and was cast as George Gibbs. He also played in Anything Goes and Macbeth. He caught the attention of an acting agent in a production of Tess of the d'Urbervilles and began
Martín Silva Martín Andrés Silva Leites (born March 25, 1983) is a Uruguayan footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Paraguayan Primera Division side Club Olimpia and the Uruguay national football team. Club career. Silva has played all of his professional career in Defensor Sporting, starting in 2002. In 2010, while playing with Defensor in Argentina for the Copa Sudamericana, the goalkeeper was attacked with a rock to the head, thrown by an Independiente fan. Nonetheless, the game continued and Defensor was eliminated. In August 2011, he signed a four-year contract with the Paraguayan club Olimpia. International career. Silva has appeared on Uruguay´s youth teams such us the Uruguay national under-17 football team and the Uruguay national under-20 football team during 2000 to 2002. He won his first international cap for Uruguay in a friendly match against Algeria, on August 12, 2009. He was included in the starting line-up of players for that match. Silva was also Uruguay's third choice goalkeeper in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2011 Copa América. He played for the only second time for the national team when he started against Tahiti on 23 June 2013, when Uruguay destroyed the Tahitians 8-0 in the Confederations Cup. Honors. Club. Defensor Sporting Olimpia  
Rubens Charles Maciel Rubens Charles Maciel (b. December 24, 1979), aka Cobrinha and sometimes referred to as Rubens Cobrinha Charles, is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor. He is considered the best featherweight in the decade and to be among the best pound for pound jiu jitsu competitors in the world. Cobrinha is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Fernando Terere Augusto and a member of Alliance Jiu Jitsu. Cobrinha has won a total of six world championship titles in Brazilian jiu-jitsu as a black belt in the featherweight (or lightweight) category. He started training BJJ in 2000, received his black belt in 2005, and has since medaled in every World Jiu-Jitsu Championship in which he has competed - a total of ten. He is known for his attacking style of jiu jitsu and, in particular, for his guard. His guard was voted the best Guard of the Decade by fellow World Champions. Before opening his own school Cobrinha BJJ in Los Angeles, California, in 2011, he was an instructor at the Alliance Jiu Jitsu headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia and worked as a carpenter to make ends meet. References. Tournament Results - Official Homepage Recognition  
Anirudh Agarwal Anirudh Agarwal (born 1 December 1949) is an Indian actor known for his work in Bollywood, especially for portraying evil or demonic characters. Agarwal stands at a height of , and is well known for his appearances in horror films such as Purana Mandir, Bandh Darwaza, and Saamri as well as Zee Horror Show in the episode Taveez. Fans all over the world have created communities for him on social network places like Orkut and Facebook as a sign of token of their appreciation for his work.  
Momin Ansari The Momin Ansari () or Ansari, are a Muslim community, found mainly in West and North India, and the province of Sindh in Pakistan. A small number of Ansaris are also found in the Terai region of Nepal. The community is believed to be an offshoot of the Hindu weaver caste who converted to Islam, and are sometimes called Ansari. In North India, the community are known as Ansari, while in Maharashtra the community is known as Momin. . History and origin. The Momin Ansari (Historically known as Julaha) are a community of Muslim weavers. According to some sources, they are descended from a number of Hindu weaving castes, principally the Kori, that at some time in the past converted to Islam. The word Julaha (جولاهه) is of Persian origin meaning weaver, originating from the word jula juha, meaning a ball of thread. . It is possible that Ansari are an amalgamation of a number of different communities, being Hindu converts to Islam. The community are found throughout East and North India, but Varanasi District, in Uttar Pradesh, is always looked at by most Momin as the centre of their community. In that city, the Ansari are said to make a third of the city's population. Important Ansari neighbourhoods in the city include Madanpura, Adampura and Jaitpura. Present circumstances. The Momin of North India are mainly a landless community, but some of them are small and medium scale farmers, and have always been connected with the art
Japanese badger The Japanese badger (Meles anakuma) is a species of carnivoran of the family Mustelidae, the weasels and their kin. It is endemic to Japan, where it is found on Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku, and Shodoshima. It shares the genus Meles with the Asian and European badgers. Description. Japanese badgers are smaller (average length in males, in females) and less sexually dimorphic (except in the size of the canine teeth) than their European counterparts. Tail length is between . Adults usually weigh from . The torso is blunt and limbs are short. The front feet are equipped with powerful digging claws. The claws on hind feet are smaller. The upper coat has long gray-brown hair. Ventral hair is short and black. The face has characteristic black-white stripes that are not as distinct as in the European badger. The dark color is concentrated around the eyes. The skull is smaller than in the European badger. Origin. The absence of badgers from Hokkaido, and the presence of related M. leucurus in Korea, suggest that the ancestral badgers reached Japan from the southwest via Korea. Genetic studies indicate that there are substantial differences between Japanese and Asian badgers, which were formerly considered conspecific, and that the Japanese badgers are genetically more homogenous. Habits. Japanese badgers are nocturnal and hibernate during the coldest months of the year. Beginning at 2 years of age, females mate and give birth to litters of two or three cubs in the spring (March-April). They mate again shortly
LGA 1156 LGA 1156, also known as Socket H or H1, is an Intel desktop CPU socket. LGA stands for land grid array. Its incompatible successor is LGA 1155. LGA 1156, along with LGA 1366, were designed to replace LGA 775. Whereas LGA 775 processors connect to a northbridge using the Front Side Bus, LGA 1156 processors integrate the features traditionally located on a northbridge on the processor itself. The LGA 1156 socket allows the following connections to be made from the processor to the rest of the system: LGA 1156 socket and processors were discontinued sometime in 2012, and superseded by the LGA 1155 socket. LGA 1366 was discontinued at the same time. Supported processors. All LGA 1156 processors and motherboards made to date are interoperable, making it possible to switch between a Celeron, Pentium, Core i3 or Core i5 with integrated graphics and a Core i5 or Core i7 without graphics. However, using a chip with integrated graphics on a P55 motherboard will (in addition to likely requiring a BIOS update) not allow use of the on-board graphics processor, and likewise, using a chip without integrated graphics on a H55, H57 or Q57 motherboard will not allow use of the motherboard's graphics ports. Supported chipsets. The Desktop chipsets that support LGA 1156 are Intel's H55, H57, P55, and Q57. Server chipsets supporting the socket are Intel's 3400, 3420 and 3450.  
Dalia Mogahed Dalia Mogahed (born 1974) is an American scholar of Egyptian origin. She is President and CEO of Mogahed Consulting, a Washington, D.C. based executive coaching and consulting firm specializing in Muslim societies and the Middle East. Mogahed is former Executive Director of the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies, a non-partisan research center that provided data and analysis to reflect the views of Muslims all over the world. She was selected as an advisor by U.S. President Barack Obama on the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Early life and education. Dalia was born in Cairo, Egypt and immigrated to the United States at the age of 4. She received her undergraduate degree in chemical engineering with a minor in Arabic from the University of Wisconsin. Upon graduation, Mogahed joined Procter & Gamble as a marketing products researcher. She subsequently received her MBA from the Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business at the University of Pittsburgh. Career and influence. Dalia Mogahed chaired the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies from 2006-2012, which conducted research and statistics on Muslims throughout the world. She was selected as an advisor by U.S. President Barack Obama on the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Mogahed was invited to testify before the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations about US engagement with Muslim communities, and was a significant contributor to the Homeland Security Advisory Council's Countering Violent Extremism Working Group. She worked with Madeleine Albright and Dennis Ross on
Axe to Fall Axe to Fall is the seventh studio album released by American band Converge. It was released on October 20, 2009, through Epitaph Records and was released later on in the year through Deathwish Inc. as a vinyl record. It is their second most commercially successful to date, peaking at number 74 in the Billboard 200. The album was produced by guitarist Kurt Ballou, who previously produced Converge's Jane Doe (2001), You Fail Me (2004) and No Heroes (2006), and features artwork created by lead singer Jacob Bannon. Axe to Fall is a collaborative album, which features a large number of guest musicians, including members from Cave In, Neurosis and The Red Chord among others. Axe to Fall was met with generally favorable reviews. The album fell within the universal acclaim range on the aggregate review website Metacritic, based on eight reviews. It has been referred to as the band's most accessible album to date, and was compared with Converge's widely lauded Jane Doe. Writing and recording. Converge began writing Axe to Fall in November 2008. With Jacob Bannon, Kurt Ballou and Nate Newton all living within a half a mile of each other in Boston, and Ben Koller living a couple hours away in Brooklyn, Converge could easily practice and for weeks at a time. Though most songs originated from a guitar or bass riff from Ballou or Newton, all members had equal input on the writing process, with each member proposing different songs. Vocalist Bannon
Alastair Robinson Dr. Alastair S. Robinson (born 1980) is a British-American taxonomist and field botanist specialising in the carnivorous plant genus Nepenthes. Robinson published the first paleogeographical evidence for the radiative speciation of an enigmatic group of ultramafic Philippine and Malaysian Nepenthes from a common ancestor on the island of Borneo. In 2007, Robinson co-discovered the giant Palawan pitcher plant, Nepenthes attenboroughii, for which he authored the formal description and diagnosis. This species was the largest-pitchered Nepenthes discovered since the identification of Nepenthes rajah on Borneo in 1858. Robinson received his B.Sc. from University College London and his Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge for research into the molecular control mechanisms of spatio-temporal cell-development in plants. Specialisms include stapeliads (Apocynaceae), terrestrial orchids, ecology and conservation biology, which he has studied in southern Europe, Tanzania, Borneo and the Philippines. Works of interest include the 2009 treatment of Nepenthes and Cephalotus, Pitcher Plants of the Old World (two volumes), for which he was contributor and principal editor, the authorship of the Indochina and New Guinea sections of ' (2011), and a range of field guides published during 2012. Robinson is brother to Hollywood screen actress, Zuleikha Robinson.  
MXR Phase 90 The MXR Phase 90 is a phaser effects pedal originally designed in the 1970s by MXR. History. The Phase 90 was released in 1974. It was the first pedal sold by MXR and helped launch the company. The original came in a simple orange enclosure with MXR's script logo. In 1977 MXR changed its logo to the current block logo. There was a transitional period in which some Phase 90’s with script logos had box logo circuits, and vice versa. Production ceased when MXR went bankrupt in 1984. When Jim Dunlop bought the MXR brand, production resumed. The Dunlop production models have modern additions including an LED to indicate when the effect is engaged and the option of using a power supply instead of a battery. There are a few variants available, including the standard block logo version, a reproduction of the script logo version, and an Eddie Van Halen signature model. The 1974 Hand Wired Phase 90 is a recreation of an original 1974 pedal using NOS (New Old Stock) electronic components. Paul Gilbert has described the Phase 90 as Van Halen I tone in a box. Description. The Phase 90 has an orange enclosure. It has a simple control scheme consisting of only one knob.  
EWMA chart In statistical quality control, the EWMA chart (or exponentially-weighted moving average chart) is a type of control chart used to monitor either variables or attributes-type data using the monitored business or industrial process's entire history of output. While other control charts treat rational subgroups of samples individually, the EWMA chart tracks the exponentially-weighted moving average of all prior sample means. EWMA weights samples in geometrically decreasing order so that the most recent samples are weighted most highly while the most distant samples contribute very little. Although the normal distribution is the basis of the EWMA chart, the chart is also relatively robust in the face of non-normally distributed quality characteristics. There is, however, an adaptation of the chart that accounts for quality characteristics that are better modeled by the Poisson distribution. The chart monitors only the process mean; monitoring the process variability requires the use of some other technique. The EWMA control chart requires a knowledgeable person to select two parameters before setup: Instead of plotting rational subgroup averages directly, the EWMA chart computes successive observations zi by computing the rational subgroup average, formula_1, and then combining that new subgroup average with the running average of all preceding observations, zi - 1, using the specially–chosen weight, λ, as follows: The control limits for this chart type are formula_3 where T and S are the estimates of the long-term process mean and standard deviation established during control-chart setup and n is the number of samples in the rational
Saint-Nazaire submarine base The submarine base of Saint-Nazaire is a large fortified U-boat pen built by the Germans during the Second World War in Saint Nazaire. It is one of the five large submarine bases built by the Third Reich in Occupied France. History. Before the Second World War, Saint-Nazaire was one of the largest harbours of the Atlantic coast of France. During the Battle of France, the German Army arrived in Saint Nazaire in June 1940. The harbour was immediately used for submarine operations, with U-46 arriving as soon as 29 September 1940. In December, a mission of the Organisation Todt (Oberbauleitung Süd) inspected the harbour to study the possibilities to build a submarine base invulnerable to air bombing from England. Work soon began under the supervision of engineer Probst. The selected space was that of the docks and buildings of the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, that were rased. Building began in February 1941 with pens 6,7 and 8, completed in June 1941. From July 1941 to January 1942, pens 9 through 14 were built; and between February to June 1942, pens 1 through 5. Work was eventually completed by the building of a tower. Between late 1943 and early 1944, a fortified lock was built to protect submarines during their transfer from the Loire river and the pens. The lock is 155 metre long, 25 metre wide, and 14 metre high; the roof features anti-aircraft armament. Design. The base is 300 metre long, 130 metre wide and 18
Ohio State–Penn State football rivalry The Ohio State–Penn State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry game played annually by the Buckeyes of Ohio State University and the Nittany Lions of The Pennsylvania State University. Before Penn State joined the Big Ten Conference in 1990, Ohio State and Penn State only played eight times, the last of which was in the 1980 Fiesta Bowl. After Penn State joined the Big Ten, the rivalry continued as an annual conference game. Series history. 1912–80: Pre-Big Ten era. Penn State won the first four meetings in the series, however these meetings spread across 53 seasons, between 1912 and 1964. The first ever match-up was held in Columbus, Ohio in November 1912. Penn State had just come off a 8–0–1 season in 1911. All of the experts had picked Ohio State to win this game in a blowout. However, it was the Nittany Lions shutting the Buckeyes out, 37–0. It would not be until 1956 when Penn State made a return trip to Columbus, however when they won the second meeting between the schools, 7–6. Penn State would win two more games at Ohio Stadium before Ohio State won a game in 1975. The first ever match-up of the two held in State College, Pennsylvania was in 1976 where Ohio State beat Penn State 12–7. Penn State won in 1978 back in Columbus. In 1980, the two schools played in their first and only postseason bowl, the 1980 Fiesta Bowl. The Ohio
1960s in music For music from a year in the 1960s, go to 60 | 61 | 62 | 63 | 64 | 65 | 66 | 67 | 68 | 69 This article includes an overview of the major events and trends in popular music in the 1960s. In South America, Europe and Oceania, the decade was particularly revolutionary in terms of popular music, as it saw the formation and evolution of rock. At the beginning of the 1960s, pop and rock and roll trends of the 1950s continued; nevertheless, the rock and roll of the decade before started to merge into a more international, eclectic variant known as rock. By the mid-1960s, rock and roll in its purest form was gradually overtaken by pop rocked, beat, psychedelican rock, blues rock and folk rock, which had grown in popularity. The country and folk-influenced style associated with the latter-half of 1960s rock music spawned a generation of popular singer-songwriters who wrote and performed their own work. Towards the decade's end, genres such as baroque pop, sunshine pop, bubblegum pop, progressive rock and heavy metal started to grow popular, with the latter two finding greater success in the following decade. Furthermore, the 1960s saw funk and soul music rising in popularity; rhythm and blues in general remained popular, and this style was commonly associated to girl groups of the time, whose fusion of R&B and gospel with rock and roll enjoyed success until the mid-part of the decade. Aside from
Cadillac ATS The Cadillac ATS is a four-door, five-passenger compact luxury sedan designed, engineered, manufactured and marketed by General Motors. General Motors developed the ATS at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, United States. GM assembles the ATS at the Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, United States. The ATS is Cadillac's smallest vehicle, slotting into the Cadillac vehicle line under the larger Cadillac CTS. The ATS is based upon General Motors' Alpha platform and is offered in either rear- or all-wheel drive configurations. The ATS base engine is a naturally aspirated 2.5-liter I-4 gasoline engine that produces . Optional engines include a 2.0-liter turbocharged I-4 gasoline engine that produces and a naturally aspirated 3.6-liter V6 gasoline engine that produces . A diesel engine will be available in the future. All versions are equipped with a 6-speed GM 6L45 Hydra-Matic automatic transmission as standard. The 2.0-liter turbocharged, rear-wheel drive version can be mated to an optional 6-speed Tremec M3L TR3160 manual transmission. Depending upon specification, the 2013 ATS ranges in price from US$34,000 to US$52,000. Cadillac debuted the ATS to the press in the United States in January 2012, placed the ATS into production in July 2012 and began selling the ATS in the United States in August 2012 as a 2013 model. GM plans to sell the ATS in China. Cadillac may sell the ATS in Europe depending upon the local market reaction. Development. GM engineers working principally at the General Motors Technical Center
University of applied sciences University of applied sciences is a common English-language name for the institutions of higher education in several European countries which are designed with a focus on vocational degrees, especially in engineering, business, and health professions. Similarly to the universities, they provide both undergraduate and postgraduate education as well as grant academic degrees, but do not award doctoral degrees.  
Platanias F.C. Athlitikos Omilos Platania Chanion (commonly referred to as Platanias F.C. or simply Platanias) is a Greek football club based in Platanias, Chania. The association was founded in 1931. The club currently competes in the Superleague for the first time in their history, after winning the promotion play-offs of 2011–12 Football League. History. The 1942-43 AO Platanias struggled in the final Cup with the traditional association Talos but having significant absences as patients and goalkeeper Kouroupi ladaki and Galanis, who brought gun wound in the abdomen. Although Platanias lost the match, the final had a special importance because of the costumes of players. The jerseys were made from flags that had been stolen from the warehouses of the Germans, and residents had turned into the athletic apparel seamstresses in the village! From this fact, probably introduced in the red jerseys of the team. With the same attire struggled even against groups of German soldiers, who indeed seemed sporting ethic and where lost. In 1945 the team languished due to heavy immigration and the civil war that caused many players to leave their homeland. In 1958 the initiative was reestablished about Manolis Mathioulakis and first president Emmanuel Kallitsaki doctor and playing at local third category. Then he became a member of the Union of Football Associations (NSOs) and Chania first year climbed category, where it remained until 1969. In 1970 he played for the first time in A local class. In 1971 she competed in Platanias an important game
Small Talk at 125th and Lenox A New Black Poet - Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, also known simply as Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, is the debut album of recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released in 1970 on Flying Dutchman Records. Recording sessions for the album took place live at a New York nightclub located on the corner of 125th Street and Lenox Avenue although in liner notes included with The Revolution Begins-The Flying Dutchman Masters (2012) Gil Scott-Heron himself insists that a small audience was brought to 'the studio' and seated on 'folding chairs'. By the time of the recordings, Scott-Heron had published a volume of poetry and his first novel, The Vulture. Well received by music critics who found Scott-Heron's material imaginative, Small Talk at 125th and Lenox has been described as a volcanic upheaval of intellectualism and social critique by Allmusic editor John Bush.  
Suseenthiran Suseenthiran is an Indian film director and screenwriter. He rose to fame with the film Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, which marks his directorial debut. Career. Suseenthiran, who originally hails from a small village in Pazhani, was always crazy about films like his father and his uncle, who had made a film years ago, that never got released. Though his family did not want him to become a director and waste his life on films, he was sure that he would be a filmmaker one day. To achieve his dream, he came to Chennai, when he was 18 years old and needed 12 years to make his first film. Susindran had worked as assistant director to prominent filmmakers as S. D. Sabha and Ezhil, before turning an independent director. His maiden venture, titled Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, was released in 2009, receiving rave accolades. According to Susindran, the film is based on real life incidents as his father was a kabadi player and Susindran got to know about the insults and pains the player went through, which he wanted to showcase in a film. Also he was said to be inspired from success of the 2002 Bollywood film Lagaan, which was based on cricket. Following the success of his debut film, he started his next project Naan Mahaan Alla by August 2009. This film, starring Karthi and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles, opened to highly positive reviews and emerged a commercial success as well. During this film's final stages of
Cherry Healey Cherry Healey (born Cherry Kathleen Chadwyck-Healey, 5 December 1980) is a British television presenter, frequently featuring in self-titled lifestyle documentaries on the BBC, especially BBC Three. Biography. Healey is descended from the Chadwyck-Healey baronets; her father Nicholas is a son of the 4th Baronet. She has three brothers. She attended Cheltenham Ladies' College until 2000. She has a Degree in Drama Education / Drama for Social Change from Central School of Speech and Drama. Best known for her work with light-hearted documentaries on BBC Three, including studies on drinking, childbirth, body issues, dating, and money, she frequently relates documentaries to her own life both during the programmes and on her blog on the BBC website. She presented Britain's Favourite Supermarket Foods on BBC One on 15 February 2012. Cherry has also written for several publications including Grazia, You Me Baby magazine, and Cellardoor online. Personal life. Healey has a daughter Coco (born 4 September 2009), and married partner Roly Allen in summer 2010. On June 18th, 2013 Cherry announced on her Facebook, Twitter and Instagram that she was expecting her second child.  
LA X LA X comprises the 104th and 105th episodes of the American Broadcasting Company's Lost, marking the premiere of the sixth and final season. It was written by show runners/executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by executive producer Jack Bender. Both parts were aired on February 2, 2010 on ABC in the United States and CTV in Canada, and on February 4, 2010 on RTÉ Two in Ireland. The story deals with the aftermath of the detonation of the hydrogen bomb at the end of the previous episode, The Incident. LA X introduces a new narrative device, two separate timelines, that replaces previously used devices, such as flashbacks, flash-forwards and time travel. Cuse and Lindelof have stated that the two distinct timelines are equally real. Both ABC and the producers refer to these scenes as flash sideways. The date of first broadcast was the source of much speculation, as ABC intentionally avoided locking down a timeslot to keep options open in order to assess the threat of the upcoming Olympic Games and to better fit Lost with how other shows were performing on ABC's schedule. Scheduling was further placed in jeopardy when it was announced that the chosen night was being considered for the 2010 State of the Union Address. The season premiere was the first episode of Lost to air on a Tuesday in the United States. Despite the fact that there is no specific character that the premiere is centered on, Hugo Hurley
Digital architecture Digital architecture uses computer modeling, programming, simulation and imaging to create both virtual forms and physical structures. The terminology has also been used to refer to other aspects of architecture that feature digital technologies. The emergent field is not clearly delineated to this point, and the terminology is also used to apply to digital skins that can be streamed images and have their appearance altered. A headquarters building design for Boston television and radio station WGBH by Polshek Partnership has been discussed as an example of digital architecture and includes a digital skin. Architecture created digitally might not involve the use of actual materials (brick, stone, glass, steel, wood). It relies on sets of numbers stored in electromagnetic format used to create representations and simulations that correspond to material performance and to map out built artifacts. Digital architecture does not just represent ideated space; it also creates places for human interaction that do not resemble physical architectural spaces. Examples of these places in the Internet Universe and cyberspace include websites, multi-user dungeons, MOOs, and web chatrooms. Digital architecture allows complex calculations that delimit architects and allow a diverse range of complex forms to be created with great ease using computer algorithms. The new genre of scripted, iterative, and indexical architecture produces a proliferation of formal outcomes, leaving the designer the role of selection and increasing the possibilities in architectural design. This has re-initiated a debate regarding curvilinearity, expressionism and role of technology in society leading to new
Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 is a 2008 documentary film by Kevin Rafferty, covering the 1968 meeting between the football teams of Yale and Harvard in their storied rivalry. The game has been called the most famous football game in Ivy League history. Story. For the first time since 1909, the football teams of Harvard and Yale were each undefeated with 6-0 records in their conference (8-0 overall) when they met for their season's final game on November 23, 1968 at Harvard Stadium. Led by their quarterback captain Brian Dowling, Yale was heavily favored to win and they quickly led the game 22–0. With two minutes remaining on the clock they still led 29–13. As the last seconds ticked down, Harvard, coached by John Yovicsin, tied the game, scoring 16 points in the final 42 seconds. The Harvard Crimson declared victory with a famous headline, Harvard Beats Yale 29-29, providing the title for Rafferty’s documentary. Production. Created essentially as a one-man production, Rafferty followed a simple production plan by inter-cutting broadcast video of the game with interviews he'd done with close to 50 of the surviving players. The broadcast video was a color kinescope of the WHDH telecast, with Don Gillis doing the play-by-play. The film was set to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the 1968 game between Yale and Harvard. The documentary includes game footage with contemporary interviews with the men who played that day, as well as contextual commentary about the Vietnam War, the
Drug policy of Portugal The drug policy of Portugal was put in place in 2000, and was legally effective from July 2001. The new law maintained the status of illegality for using or possessing any drug for personal use without authorization. However, the offense was changed from a criminal one, with prison a possible punishment, to an administrative one if the amount possessed was no more than ten days' supply of that substance. In 1999, Portugal had the highest rate of HIV amongst injecting drug users in the European Union. The number of newly diagnosed HIV cases among drug users has decreased to 13.4 cases per million in 2009 but that is still high above the European average, at 2.85 cases per million. There were 2000 new cases a year, in a country of 10 million people. 45% of HI reported AIDS cases recorded in 1997 originated among IV drug users, so targeting drug use was seen as an effective avenue of HIV prevention. The number of heroin users was estimated to be between 50,000 and 100,000 at the end of the 1990s. This led to the adoption of The National Strategy for the Fight Against Drugs in 1999. A vast expansion of harm reduction efforts, doubling the investment of public funds in drug treatment and drug prevention services, and changing the legal framework dealing with minor drug offences were the main elements of the policy thrust. Harm reduction. The needle exchange program, Say NO! to a used syringe,
Nokia N900 The Nokia N900 was a smartphone made by Nokia. It supersedes the Nokia N810. Its default operating system, Maemo 5, is a Linux-based OS originally developed for the Nokia 770 Internet Tablet. It is the first Nokia device based upon the Texas Instruments OMAP3 microprocessor with the ARM Cortex-A8 core. Unlike the three Nokia Internet tablets preceding it, the Nokia N900 is the first Maemo device to include phone functionality (quad-band GSM and 3G UMTS/HSDPA). The N900 functions as a mobile Internet device, and includes e-mail, web browsing and access to online services, a 5-megapixel digital camera for still or video photography, a portable media player for music and video, calculator, games console and word processor, SMS, as well as mobile telephony using either a mobile network or VoIP via Internet (mobile or Wi-Fi). Maemo provides an X-terminal interface for interacting with the core operating system. It was launched at Nokia World on 2 September 2009 and was released on 11 November 2009 in the United States and 9 European countries. The N900 was launched alongside Maemo 5, giving the device an overall more touch-friendly interface than its predecessors and a customizable home screen which mixes application icons with shortcuts and widgets. Maemo 5 supports Adobe Flash Player 9.4, and includes many applications designed specifically for the mobile platform such as a new touch-friendly media player. History and availability. The Nokia N900 was announced on 17 September 2008 during a keynote presentation by Dr. Ari Jaaksi of
L.A. Zombie L.A. Zombie is a 2010 queer cinema zombie film written and directed by Bruce LaBruce. It premiered in competition at Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland in 2010. The film exists in two versions, an hour-long one that was showcased at various festivals and theatres, and a one-hundred and three minute hardcore cut released on DVD. Plot. An extraterrestrial zombie (who may just be a schizophrenic vagrant, and whose appearance constantly shifts between that of a corpse, a tusked beast with irregular genitals, and a normal man) emerges from the sea, and begins making its way to Los Angeles. A motorist notices the zombie walking along a deserted road, picks it up, and dies in an accident moments later. The zombie recovers from the crash, and reanimates the driver by penetrating a wound in the man's chest with its monstrous penis. The ghouls have sex, which ends with the first zombie ejaculating black semen, and stumbling away as the motorist sits among the wreckage of his vehicle, in awe of what had just transpired. The zombie reaches Los Angeles, and after perusing shopping carts full of discarded objects, ventures to the L.A. River, where it sees a white collar criminal being shot to death by his partner. The zombie drags the deceased lawbreaker to a soiled mattress, and resurrects him via coitus with the bullet wounds in the man's back. The undead criminal and the zombie have sex, which is followed by the zombie wandering away, washing
Naga Chaitanya Naga Chaitanya is an Indian film actor who stars in Telugu films. He made his debut in the 2009 college film, Josh. His second film was, Gautham Menon's Ye Maaya Chesave with his portrayal of a love-torn film director winning him critical acclaim. Early life and family. Naga Chaitanya was born on 23 November 1986 to actor Akkineni Nagarjuna and Lakshmi Daggubati, of the Naidu Family. Naga Chaitanya was born in Hyderabad, but moved to Chennai with his mother after his parents split. He received schooling at the PSBB School in Chennai, during which period he often visited his father in Hyderabad. He played the guitar and drums occasionally for the PSBB school band. He was then sent to an acting school in Mumbai, and subsequently to Hollywood Studios in California (USA) to learn dance and fights before he made his debut. He is also a huge automotive enthusiast and occasionally participates in organised motorsports even to date. Career. Following in his family's footsteps, Naga Chaitanya's debut was widely anticipated. After several rumours regarding his debut, during the audio launch of his father's King, Chaitanya was introduced to the film world where his debut film was launched. Josh, directed by newcomer Vasu Varma and produced by Dil Raju, featured him alongside fellow debutant Karthika Nair, daughter of Radha, with his role drawing comparison with his father's character from Shiva. However upon release, the film received negative reviews from film critics. Although Naga Chaitanya's performance secured him the
Seungri Lee Seung-hyun (Hangul: 이승현; born December 12, 1990), known by his stage name Seungri or V. I. (Hangul: 승리; lit. victory), is a South Korean singer, songwriter, dancer, actor, and model, who is best known as a member of South Korean boy group Big Bang. Seungri released his first album VVIP in 2011. Along with his native Korean, he speaks fluent Japanese and conversational English. Biography. Pre Debut. Before joining the group, in his hometown, Gwangju, he was the leader and part of the dance group II Hwa. Seungri is known for his dance skills. He first appeared on television on the reality television series Let's Cokeplay: Mnet Battle Shinhwa, a show in which Shinhwa attempted to create a boy band that could be a second Shinhwa. Although he was noticed for his dance skills, his lack of vocal skills led to him being eliminated. If he wasn't eliminated he would have debuted in Battle a group of 6 boys that each Shinhwa member picked out. themselves. He was later scouted by the record label YG Entertainment and joined the group Big Bang. Although he was initially cut on the ninth episode of the group's documentary series, he was given another chance to impress YG Entertainment CEO Yang Hyun Suk and succeeded. Dance Career. Seungri is known for his dance skills. In his hometown, Gwangju, he was part of the dance group II Hwa. He has competed against his fellow Big Bang member Taeyang in several dance competitions,
Project Greek Island Project Greek Island was a United States government continuity program located at The Greenbrier hotel in West Virginia. The facility was decommissioned in 1992 after the program was exposed in a U.S. newspaper article. Purpose. In the late 1950s, the United States government approached The Greenbrier Hotel and sought its assistance in creating a secret emergency relocation center to house Congress in the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust. The classified, underground facility was built at the same time as the West Virginia Wing, an above-ground addition to the hotel, from 1959 to 1962. For 30 years, The Greenbrier owners maintained an agreement with the federal government that, in the event of an international crisis, the entire resort property would be conveyed to government use, specifically as the emergency location for the legislative branch. The underground facility contained a dormitory, kitchen, hospital, and a broadcast center for members of Congress. The broadcast center had changeable seasonal backdrops to allow it to appear as if members of Congress were broadcasting from Washington, D.C. A radio tower was installed away for these broadcasts. The largest room is The Exhibit Hall, by beneath a ceiling nearly high and supported by 18 support columns. Adjoining it are two smaller auditoriums, one seating about 470 people, big enough to host the 435-member House of Representatives, and the smaller with a seating capacity of about 130, suitable as a temporary Senate chamber. The Exhibit Hall itself could be used for joint sessions of
TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship The TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling women's tag team championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion. It was contested for mainly by teams consisting of two female wrestlers in TNA, known as knockouts, in TNA's women's division; however, the championship was once held by a male. The creation of the championship was announced on August 20, 2009 during a backstage segment on TNA's primary television program TNA Impact!. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won via the result of a scripted match. Sarita and Taylor Wilde were the inaugural champions. They won a four-week tournament to crown the first champions. The final champions were ODB and Eric Young, who held the titles for a record 478 days. On the June 20, 2013 episode of Impact Wrestling, Knockouts Division Executive Brooke Hogan stripped ODB and Young of the title due to the fact that Young is a male talent. This ultimately resulted in the titles being deactivated, as it's no longer listed among TNA's active championships. History. TNA Knockout. TNA Knockout, or just Knockout for short, is the term used by TNA to refer to its onscreen female employees; this is similar to TNA's main rival World Wrestling Entertainment and their Divas pseudonym. TNA's first women's accomplishment was announced at TNA's first weekly pay-per-view event on June 19, 2002. It was called the Miss TNA crown. The holder of the crown was determined in a lingerie
Robot B-9 The B-9, Class M-3 General Utility Non-Theorizing Environmental Control Robot was a character in the television series Lost in Space. Known and addressed simply as Robot, his full designation was only occasionally mentioned on the show. History. Although a machine endowed with superhuman strength and futuristic weaponry, he often displayed human characteristics, such as laughter, sadness, and mockery, as well as singing and playing the guitar. The Robot was performed by Bob May in a prop costume built by Bob Stewart. The voice was primarily dubbed by Dick Tufeld, who was also the series' narrator and Jorge Arvizu for the spanish dubbing. The Robot was designed by Robert Kinoshita, who also designed Forbidden Planet's Robby the Robot. Robby appears in Lost in Space episode #20 War of the Robots and in episode #60 Condemned of Space. The Robot did not appear in the unaired pilot episode, but was added to the series once it had been greenlit. Initially, the bellows-covered legs were articulated, and were moved separately by the actor inside. However, the metal edges inside the suit cut actor Bob May's legs, so changes were made. The legs were bolted together, and the robot was pulled along by a wire instead of walking like it had done before. A new lower section was constructed with the legs cut off at the knee. This was filmed either in close-up or behind something to obscure the actor's feet protruding out the bottom. Features and abilities. Robot B-9 consisted,
Public housing estates in Tseung Kwan O Public housing estates in Tseung Kwan O – including Home Ownership Scheme (HOS), Private Sector Participation Scheme (PSPS), Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) History. With the exception of Tsui Lam Estate, King Ming Court and Hong Sing Garden, all the public housing and HOS estates in Tseung Kwan O are built on the reclaimed land of Junk Bay. In 1990s, cracks were found at various places around On Ning Garden, Fu Ning Garden, Tong Ming Court, Beverly Garden and Bauhinia Garden. The estates were also found unusual soil settlement on their reclaimed land when the MTR Tseung Kwan O Line was being constructed. After investigation, the government explained that the settlement occurred due to consolidation of soil layers overlying the bedrock when groundwater was lost to the sewage collection tunnels and not adequately replenished from the surface. But the government emphasized that the buildings built on the reclaimed land were still safe. Overview. Bauhinia Garden (寶盈花園). Bauhinia Garden is a HOS and PSPS estate, located near Tseung Kwan O Plaza, The Grandiose, Tseung Kwan O Station. It was jointly developed by the Hong Kong Housing Authority and Shui On Group. It consists of 8 residential blocks built on the reclaimed land and completed in 2001. In 1990s, it suffered serious unusual ground settlement when Tseung Kwan O Line was being constructed. Beverly Garden. Beverly Garden () is a HOS and PSPS estate, located near Tseung Kwan O Plaza, The Grandiose, Tseung Kwan O
Jed Whedon Jed Tucker Whedon (born July 18, 1974) is a screenwriter and musician. Jed is from a family of writers: he is the son of screenwriter Tom Whedon, grandson of screenwriter John Whedon, and the brother of screenwriter Zack Whedon and producer/director/writer Joss Whedon. On April 19, 2009, he married fellow screenwriter Maurissa Tancharoen. Alongside his brothers Joss and Zack and his then fiancée Maurissa Tancharoen, he co-created and co-wrote the musical Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog. It was the subject of a salute by The Paley Center for Media and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-Action Entertainment Programs. Prior to Dr. Horrible, Jed composed scores for video games, and was a member of the now defunct Los Angeles-based band The Southland. In 2010, he released an album entitled History of Forgotten Things under the band name Jed Whedon and the Willing. Assisting him on the album were his wife, Maurissa Tancharoen and their mutual friend Felicia Day. With Felicia Day, he composed the music to the song (Do You Wanna Date My) Avatar for the web series The Guild, the video for which he also directed. He and his wife Maurissa were staff writers on Dollhouse, the Fox series created by his older brother Joss, prior to its cancellation. They have since joined the staffs of , co-created by former Mutant Enemy writer Steven S. DeKnight, and Drop Dead Diva. Jed worked with his wife and brother Joss on The Avengers. He is
Andrew Leeds Andrew Leeds is a former Australian rugby union and professional rugby league player. He has played for the Western Suburbs Magpies, Parramatta Eels and Penrith Panthers, primarily as a goal-kicking fullback, and has represented at national level for the Wallabies. Playing career. Leeds played junior rugby union with the Northmead club,Merrylands JRU and James Ruse Agricultural High School. Joining the Parramatta Two Blues, Leeds played in the 1985 and 1986 premiership winning sides, and went on to play for Sydney, New South Wales and Australia in 1986. Leeds made three tours with the Wallabies, appearing in fourteen tests, and played in the 1987 Rugby World Cup. Converting to rugby league, Leeds joined the Parramatta Eels for the 1989 season. He spent 3 years with the Eels, but failed to perform when played at Centre or Five-eighth. After a year spent with the Penrith Panthers, Leeds joined Wests from 1993 onwards. Leeds was a player with deceptive pace and skill. He was safe, reliable and a match-winner with the boot. He scored over 500 points for the Magpies, often in under-performing teams, before announcing his retirement in 1999. He is the fourth highest point-scorer for the club. Leeds later joined the Wests Tigers as their physiotherapist and rehab manager, and did similar unpaid work with the Two Blues As of 2012, Leeds was the Wests Tigers' longest serving employee, having missed only one game since the club started in 2000.  
Cheran Pandiyan Cheran Pandiyan (; is an Indian film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film proved to be successful at the box office. Plot. Vijayakumar is the head of the village (Oor Gounder) with his wife Manjula and his daughter Srija. He is a person of who strictly adheres to the caste. Sarathkumar is also in the same village. The father of both Vijayakumar and Sarathkumar are one but Sarathkumar's mother is from a lower caste. So Vijayakumar always ignores Sarathkumar. Anandbabu who is relative of Sarathkumar comes to meet him in the village and falls in love with Srija. Vijayakumar comes to know about this and he makes arrangements for Srija's marriage with K.S.Ravikumar, son of Nagesh. At the end Vijayakumar becomes a good person with the advice of Manjula and a happy end of Anandbabu marrying Srija. This movie was remade in Telugu in 1992 with Sobhan Babu, Dr Rajashekhar, Jagapathi Babu, and Ramya Krishna in lead roles. It is titled Balaramakrishnulu, and it became a blockbuster. Soundtrack. Songs. The music composed by Soundaryan while lyrics also written by himself.  
Public housing estates in Kwai Chung This is a list of public housing estates (including Home Ownership Scheme (HOS), Private Sector Participation Scheme (PSPS), Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) and Sandwich Class Housing Scheme (SCHS)) in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong Overview. Cho Yiu Chuen. Cho Yiu Chuen () consists of 8 residential buildings with a total of 2,532 units, which were built in 1977, 1978 and 1981. It also provides elderly persons flats at Chung Ling Sheh (). It was named for Sir Cho Yiu Kwan (), one of the founders of Hong Kong Housing Society. It received a Certificate of Merit at the 1981 Hong Kong Institute of Architects Annual Awards. Kai King Lau is the tallest building in Cho Yiu Chuen with 38 storeys. It was also the tallest public housing building in the world at that time. Hibiscus Park. Hibiscus Park () is a SCHS estate in Kwai Chung, near Kwai Chung Sports Ground, Kwai Fong. Formerly the site of Kwai Hong Temporary Housing Area (), it consists of 2 blocks built in 1998. Highland Park. Highland Park () is a SCHS estate, developed by the HKHS and situated at the mid-level of Lai King Hill, Kwai Chung. Formerly the site of Lai King Temporary Housing Area (), It has totally 6 blocks built in 1999, offering 1,456 flats. High Prosperity Terrace. High Prosperity Terrace () was PSPS estate which was jointly by the Hong Kong Housing Authority and Supertime Holdings. However, it was transferred to rental
The S.I.G.I.T. The S.I.G.I.T. (abbreviation of The Super Insurgent Group of Intemperance Talent) is an Indonesian rock band based in Bandung, Indonesia. Although the band doesn't like to be categorized, they've been described as a garage rock band and often compared to Wolfmother and The Datsuns, even dubbed as 'Indonesian Answer To Wolfmother' by some Australian media. Origin of The Name. Band name origin is rumored to be derived from Rekti's father, Sigit. Brief history. 1994-2002. Period of formation. In this period, they met each other, played and hung out together, fought each other, rehearsed a lot, and wrote their song. 2002-2004. In 2004, The S.I.G.I.T. signed to Spills Records and released their self titled debut mini album (EP) and performed many bar gigs and venue. Their first single, Soul Sister soon became a local radio hits in Bandung and Jakarta, MTV Trax Magazine described them as The Hottest Rock N Roll Band. After contributing on movie soundtrack for Catatan Akhir Sekolah (CAS), their fanbase grow rapidly. Did I Ask Your Opinion, which appeared as OST on former movie, finally became their first single to be broadcast on MTV Indonesia. After leaving Spills Records, they began to spread their stage performance to bigger venue and region... 2005. Their name appeared on NME's Stereo (30 July) The S.I.G.I.T. - Black Amplifier. Scorching, gonzo Zep Rock from our hot new Indonesian Friend 2006. Signed to FFWD and released Visible Idea of Perfection in December under FFWD's subsidiary label FFCUTS 2007. Signed
The Orb discography The discography of English electronic music group The Orb consists of twelve studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums, four remix albums, four mix albums, two video albums, ten extended plays, fifteen singles and twenty-two music videos. Founded by Alex Paterson and Jimmy Cauty in 1988, the group's first release was the extended play Kiss EP, issued in May 1989. The single A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld, which marked the group's first foray into the ambient house genre, was released in October 1989 on Paterson's record label WAU! Mr. Modo Recordings. It was later re-issued by Big Life and peaked at number 78 in the United Kingdom despite sample clearance issues. Following Cauty's departure from the group, The Orb signed a long-term recording contract with Big Life and released their debut studio album The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld in April 1991. It peaked at number 29 in the United Kingdom and has since been recognized as a seminal album of the ambient house genre. Little Fluffy Clouds and Perpetual Dawn were released as singles from the album. The Orb's second studio album U.F.Orb was released in June 1992 and topped the United Kingdom albums chart. The album's second single Blue Room – with a total running length of 39 minutes and 57 seconds – became the longest release to enter the United Kingdom singles chart, where it peaked at number eight. Following the success of
Madariyya The Madariyya are members of a Sufi order (tariqa) popular in North India, especially in Uttar Pradesh, the Mewat region, Bihar and Bengal, as well as in Nepal and Bangladesh. Known for its syncretic aspects, lack of emphasis on external religious practice and focus on internal dhikr, it was initiated by the Sufi saint 'Sayed Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar' (d. 1434 CE), called Qutb-ul-Madar, and is centered around his shrine (dargah) at Makanpur, Kanpur district, Uttar Pradesh. Originating from the Tayfuriya order, as his Pir, spiritual teacher was Bayazid Tayfur al-Bistami, Madariya reached its zenith in the late Mughal period between 15th to 17th century, and gave rise to several new orders as Madar's disciples spread through the Northern plains of India, into Bengal. As with most Sufi orders, its name Madariya too has been created by adding a Nisba to the name its founder, Madar in this case lead to Madariya, sometimes spelled as Madariyya, though it is also referred as Tabaqatiya at many places. Founder. Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar or Qutbul Madar was born in 242 Hijri as per Islamic calendar at Halab, Syria. In the book Gulzar-e-Madar, the author Maulana Sayed Mehmood wrote that Hazrat Huzaifa Sayed himself stated that one day in a dream Prophet Muhammad came to him and said: his child is a Wali of the almighty Allah and is from my origin. The Muslims belonging to Zinda Shah Madar are called Shah, sai or syed. In the book Taskiratulkram fi Ahwale
By a Thread By a Thread is the ninth full length studio album by Gov't Mule. It has been released on October 27, 2009, on Evil Teen Records. It is the first album to feature bassist Jorgen Carlsson, who joined the band in 2008, replacing Andy Hess. On August 17, 2009, the first track of the album, Broke Down on the Brazos, was made available for listening on Gov't Mule's official website, as well as on the band's Myspace and Facebook pages. The track features the playing of Billy Gibbons, best known as the singer and guitarist for the American blues rock band ZZ Top. It was the last song written for the CD.  
Lactarius indigo Lactarius indigo, commonly known as the indigo milk cap, the indigo (or blue) Lactarius, or the blue milk mushroom, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Russulaceae. A widely distributed species, it grows naturally in eastern North America, East Asia, and Central America; it has also been reported in southern France. L. indigo grows on the ground in both deciduous and coniferous forests, where it forms mycorrhizal associations with a broad range of trees. The fruit body color ranges from dark blue in fresh specimens to pale blue-gray in older ones. The milk, or latex, that oozes when the mushroom tissue is cut or broken—a feature common to all members of the Lactarius genus—is also indigo blue, but slowly turns green upon exposure to air. The cap has a diameter of , and the stem is tall and thick. It is an edible mushroom, and is sold in rural markets in China, Guatemala, and Mexico. Taxonomy and nomenclature. Originally described in 1822 as Agaricus indigo by American mycologist Lewis David de Schweinitz, the species was later transferred to the genus Lactarius in 1838 by the Swede Elias Magnus Fries. German botanist Otto Kuntze called it Lactifluus indigo in his 1891 treatise Revisio Generum Plantarum, but the suggested name change was not adopted by others. Hesler and Smith in their 1960 study of North American species of Lactarius defined L. indigo as the type species of subsection Caerulei, a group characterized by blue latex and a
Public housing estates in Tuen Mun This is a list of public housing estates in Tuen Mun, Hong Kong Overview. Affluence Garden. Affluence Garden () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme court in Tuen Mun, besides Tuen Mun River. It has totally 5 blocks built in 1989. Butterfly Estate. Butterfly Estate () is the seventh public housing estate in Tuen Mun completed in 1983. Built in the reclaimed land of Castle Peak Bay, the estate consists of 6 residential blocks. Chi Lok Fa Yuen. Chi Lok Fa Yuen () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme estate in Tsing Hoi Circuit, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong. Built on the reclaimed land of Castle Peak Bay, It comprises 8 residential blocks and a shopping centre completed in 1982. It was jointly developed by Hong Kong Housing Authority and Sun Hung Kai Properties. Fu Tai Estate. Fu Tai Estate () is the latest public housing estate in Tuen Mun, Located next to Lingnan University, consisting of 11 residential buildings completed in 2000 and 2001 it occupies the former site of Fu Tei Village () and Fu Tei Camp (). It is the only estate in Tuen Mun which is far away from any MTR Light Rail stops. Residents need to take MTR Bus to go to nearby Light Rail stops or West Rail stations. Glorious Garden. Glorious Garden () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme court in Tuen Mun,
Foreign exchange autotrading Forex autotrading is a trading strategy where buy and sell orders are placed automatically based on an underlying system or program on the foreign exchange market. The buy or sell orders are sent out to be executed in the market when a certain set of criteria is met. Autotrading systems, or programs to form buy and sell forex signals, are used typically by active traders who enter and exit positions more frequently than the average investor. The autotrading criteria differ greatly, however they are mostly based on technical analysis. History. Forex autotrading originates at the emergence of online retail trading, since about 1999 when internet-based companies created retail forex platforms that provide a quick way for individuals to buy and sell on the forex spot market. Nevertheless, larger retail traders could autotrade Forex contracts at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange as early as in the 1970s. Types. There are two major types of forex autotrading: Advantages. An automated trading environment can generate more trades per market than a human trader can handle and can replicate its actions across multiple markets and timeframes. An automated system is also unaffected by the psychological swings that human traders are prey to. This is particularly relevant when trading with a mechanical model, which is typically developed on the assumption that all the trade entries flagged will actually be taken in real time trading. Forex Signal Provider based models offer traders the opportunity to follow previously successful signal providers or strategies with
Mukesh Tiwari Mukesh Tiwari is an Indian actor who has appeared in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu language films as a character role. He belongs to Sagar, Madhya Pradesh. His first appearance was as bandit Jagira in China Gate in 1998. Since then he has acted in several Ajay Devgan films: police officer in Gangaajal, jailor in The Legend of Bhagat Singh, Apaharan (as the SP of Salampur), Golmaal, Golmaal Returns, Golmaal 3 (as Vasooli), in  (as Chautala), LOC Kargil, Zameen and Halla Bol. He acted the role of South Indian star Kamal Haasan in the movie Jigyaasa and One Two Three. He appeared in early episodes of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah as a police inspector. He has most recently appeared in the successful Tamil films Pokkiri and Kanthaswamy in villanous roles. He has appeared in over 50 films. Most recently, he was seen as one of Marcos' henchmen in No Problem. While this film did not fare well critically, it was funny and liked by the audiences.  
Obesity in the Pacific Obesity in the Pacific is a growing health concern with health officials stating that it is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths in the Pacific Rim. According to Forbes, Pacific island nations and associated states make up the top seven on a 2007 list of fattest countries, and eight of the top ten. In all these cases, more than 70% of citizens age 15 and over have an unhealthy weight. Reasons for this issue include mining operations that have left not much arable land; as a result, much of the local diet is of processed, imported food such as Spam or corned beef, rather than fresh fish, fruit and vegetables. In addition, cultural factors have been blamed, such as associating a large body size with wealth and power, or changing ways of living, with children leading more sedentary lives. The problem is leading to increased levels of illness, including diabetes and heart diseases. In the Marshall Islands in 2008 there were 8,000 cases of diabetes in a population of only 53,000. In Fiji, strokes used to be rare in the under 50s, whilst doctors reported that they had become common amongst patients in their 20s and 30s. The problems are not confined to the small island nations, with the United States appearing 9th on the list, New Zealand 17th, and Australia 21st. In Australia, ambulances have been redesigned and equipped with heavier stretchers and larger wheelchairs to take account of the increased weight
Anjou wine Anjou wine is produced in the Loire Valley wine region of France near the city of Angers. The wines of region are often grouped together with the wines of nearby Saumur as Anjou-Saumur. Along with the wines produce further east in Touraine, Anjou-Saumur make what is collectively known as the Middle Loire (as opposed to the Upper Loire which includes the wine regions of Sancerre and Pouilly-Fumé. Within the Anjou wine region are several Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC)s responsible for a broad spectrum of wines including still red, white and rosé produced with varying levels of sweetness. Extending across the Deux-Sèvres, Maine-et-Loire and Vienne départements, the generic Anjou AOC appellation and its various sub-appellations encompasses vineyards across more than 151 communes. Wine expert Tom Stevenson describes the wines of the area as being a microcosm of the Loire Valley, featuring wines made from every grape variety and in almost every style produced in the entire Loire wine region. Among the wines of Anjou, Savennières is noted for its dry Chenin blanc wines and the Coteaux du Layon for its sweet dessert wines that includes the botrytized wines of Bonnezeaux and Quarts de Chaume. Various rosé wines are produced in the region under different AOC designation include Rose d'Anjou, the most basic level made predominantly from Grolleau, and Cabernet d'Anjou which is usually made from Cabernet Franc or Cabernet Sauvignon. For most of its history, dry red wines have represented a small percentage of Anjou winemaking but in
Anupam Mittal Anupam Mittal is the founder and CEO of People Group which owns businesses such as Shaadi.com, the world's most successful matrimonial site, Makaan.com, Mauj Mobile and People Pictures. It is estimated that the shaadi.com matrimonial website has resulted in about 2 million marriages around the world. The matrimonial e-business is estimated to be about 1.5 billion Indian rupees. Shaadi.com was launched in 1997. Business career. Anupam Mittal founded Shaadi.comafter he met a marriage broker in India who went door to door carrying biodata in his suitcase. Mittal figured an online medium would increase a person's chances of finding the right person. The Web site's profiles diverge little from what has been traditionally done for decades. Among personal and hobbies sections are the traditional questions about family values and parents' education, Hindu horoscope signs, married siblings and mother tongue. He received a MBA in Operations and Strategic Management from Boston College. He is the Founder & CEO of People Group, which includes business such as Shaadi.com, Makaan.com, Mauj Mobile and People Pictures. He is included in BusinessWeek's India's 50 most powerful people. Film career. He has also produced and acted in two films, entitled Flavors & 99. Personal life. Anupam Mittal married Aanchal Kumar in July 2013.  
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist Michael Anthony Edward Kidd-Gilchrist (born September 26, 1993) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association (NBA). High school career. Kidd-Gilchrist grew up in Somerdale, New Jersey, and was raised by his mother, Cindy Richardson, and his stepfather, Vincent Richardson, after Kidd-Gilchrist's father died before Michael's third birthday. While attending basketball powerhouse St. Patrick High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey, he was considered one of the best basketball players in the United States. He was ranked as the #3 player by ESPN.com, and Rivals.com; while Scout.com ranked him as the #1 player at his position. In July 2010, Gilchrist, along with former Kentucky teammate Marquis Teague, were a part of the gold medal winning team in the FIBA U-17 World Championships in Hamburg, Germany. Gilchrist's senior year at St. Patrick High School was a pivotal storyline in the HBO documentary Prayer for a Perfect Season. College career. Gilchrist committed to attend the University of Kentucky on April 14, 2010. In the first game of the 2011-12 season and his career as a Wildcat, Kidd-Gilchrist was a starter and scored 15 points on 5 of 9 shooting against the Marist Red Foxes. In his second game against the 11th ranked Kansas Jayhawks, Kidd-Gilchrist scored 12 points and pulled down nine rebounds in a 75-65 victory in Madison Square Garden. In a rivalry game against the 5th ranked North Carolina Tar Heels in Rupp Arena, Kidd-Gilchrist lead Kentucky in
Sulli Choi Jinri (Hangul: 최진리; Hanja: 崔真理; born March 29, 1994), better known by her stage name Sulli or sometimes known as Sulli Choi or Choi Sulli is an actress and a member of the artist group f(x). Early life. Sulli was born on 29 March 1994 in the City of Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province, Republic of Korea, but spent her childhood in Busan. Her real name is Choi Jin Ri; her given name means the truth in Korean. She is the only daughter of her family, having two older brothers and a younger brother. Her mother enrolled her in acting school at a young age. Sulli first came to Seoul in 2004 while in the fourth grade, and in 2005 and began acting professionally as Princess Sunhwa in the SBS drama The Ballad of Seodong and, some time later, had a cameo role in yet another SBS drama, Love Needs a Miracle. She later developed a desire to become a singer, a dream she followed by attending an SM audition, during which she sang the S.E.S song titled Chingu (Friend). After the audition she was officially cast as an SM trainee and in 2005, while in fifth grade, moved into a dormitory with Taeyeon and Tiffany of Girls' Generation. Here she continued to do so up until the debut of Girls' Generation, in 2007. Education. Sulli attended Jungbu Elementary School (중부초등학교) and then attended Chungdam Middle School (청담중학교). She graduated Seoul Performing Arts High School alongside with miss
Messiah Foundation International Messiah Foundation () International (or MFI) is a spiritual organisation formally established in 2000 to promote the Goharian Philosophy of Divine Love. MFI is the successor of RAGS International, a spiritual organisation founded by Pakistani spiritual leader Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi in 1980. The organisation claims to be a syncretic fulfilment of Christian, Muslim, Jewish and Hindu prophecy, with Shahi depicted as the messianic figure of many religions, given the title of Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar as well as the generic Awaited One prophesied by other religions. Adherents propose to promote the reduction of hatred, promotion of divine love and world peace, and raise awareness of miraculous images of spiritual figures they claim are on the face of such objects as the moon, sun, and the Black Stone in Mecca. According to MFI, these images were put on these locations by God. The MFI purports that Gohar Shahi's image on the moon has spoken to people in different languages and rendered spiritual grace to those searching for divine love. They declare that the titles of the Messiah, Kalki Avatar and Imam Mehdi are different titles for one personality, whom they depict as Shahi. Members of the MFI refer to themselves as Goharians, due to their affiliation with Shahi. History. MFI was previously known as RAGS International until the year 2000, when Younus AlGohar became the CEO and formally established the organisation. At this time, AlGohar also formed MFI’s sister organisation, Kalki Avatar Foundation, under the
Camp Lejeune water contamination The Camp Lejeune water contamination problem occurred at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune from 1953 to 1987. During that time, United States Marine Corps (USMC) service members and their families living at the base apparently bathed in and ingested tap water that was contaminated with harmful chemicals. An undetermined number of former base residents later developed cancer or other ailments, which many blame on the contaminated drinking water. Victims claim that USMC leaders concealed knowledge of the problem and did not act properly in trying to resolve it or notify former base residents that their health might be at risk. In 2009 the U.S. federal government initiated investigations into the allegations of contaminated water and failures by U.S. Marine officials to act on the issue. In August 2012, President Obama signed the Janey Ensminger Act into law to begin providing medical care for people who may have been affected by the contamination. Contamination. Early reports. From at least 1953 through 1985, Marines and their families at Lejeune's main family housing areas of Tarawa Terrace and Hadnot Point drank and bathed in water contaminated with toxins at concentrations up to 3400 times levels permitted by safety standards. As a result, at least 850 former residents filed claims for nearly $4 billion from the military. The contamination appears to have affected the water from two of the eight water treatment plants on the base. The main chemicals involved were volatile organic compounds (VOCs) such as perchloroethylene (PCE),
Fábio Maldonado Fábiano Rogério Maldonado (born March 17, 1980) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and a former undefeated boxer. Maldonado trains at the gym of Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira and Antônio Rogério Nogueira in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Maldonado holds two notable knockout victories over Maiquel Falcão. Maldonado is well known for having an iron chin, often opening himself to clean strikes on the jaw and having never been knocked out in his boxing or mixed martial arts career with his only TKO loss coming by way of doctor stoppage. Boxing career. Simultaneous to becoming a mixed martial arts fighter, Maldonado also competed professionally as a boxer in his native Brazil. He made his professional boxing debut in April 2002. As a boxer he has a record of 22-0 with an impressive 21 knockouts. He last boxed professionally in June 2010. Mixed martial arts career. Early career. Maldonado made his professional MMA debut in September 2000. During the first eight years of his career, he competed exclusively in his native Brazil. He made his North American debut in November 2008. In the decade previous to his debut with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Maldonado compiled a record of 17 wins and 3 losses. Notable victories from this period include Jessie Gibbs, Vitor Miranda, and two TKO victories over Maiquel Falcão. Ultimate Fighting Championship. Maldonado made his UFC debut at UFC 120 against James McSweeney and won by TKO after 48 seconds of round 3. Maldonado lost to Kyle Kingsbury via
Dídac Vilà Dídac Vilà Rosselló (born 9 June 1989), known as Dídac, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis on loan from A.C. Milan, as a left defender. Club career. Espanyol. Born in Mataró, Barcelona, Catalonia, Dídac joined local RCD Espanyol's youth system at the age of 10, making his senior debuts in 2008–09 and helping the reserves promote from the fourth division, as champions. He was promoted to the first team by manager Mauricio Pochettino, making his La Liga debut on 30 January 2010 in a 1–0 home win against Athletic Bilbao and finishing his first professional season with 11 league games (starting and playing all the minutes in every match), as the Pericos finished in mid-table. Milan. After missing the first months of the 2010–11 campaign due to physical problems, Dídac once again gained first-choice status at Espanyol, taking over longtime incumbent – and also a youth graduate at the club – David García. On 28 January 2011, he was bought by A.C. Milan in Serie A. After only one official appearance for the Italians, Dídac returned to Espanyol in early June 2011, in a season-long loan. He only missed one match during the league campaign, scoring twice but in as many away losses. At the beginning of the 2012–13 campaign Dídac was set to join Valencia CF on loan, with the Che having the option of making the move permanent at the end of the season, but the deal fell apart as he
Christmas in the Heart Christmas in the Heart is the thirty-fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released in October 2009 by Columbia Records. The album comprises a collection of hymns, carols, and popular Christmas songs. All Dylan's royalties from the sale of this album shall benefit the charities Feeding America in the USA, Crisis in the UK, and the World Food Programme. Dylan said that, although Jewish, he never felt left out of Christmas during his childhood in Minnesota. Regarding the popularity of Christmas music, he said, ... it's so worldwide and everybody can relate to it in their own way. The album opened at #1 on Billboard's Holiday and Billboard's Folk Album Chart, #10 on Rock Album charts and #23 on overall album charts. Recording. In an interview published by Street News Service, journalist Bill Flanagan asked Dylan why he had performed the songs in a straightforward style, and Dylan responded: There wasn’t any other way to play it. These songs are part of my life, just like folk songs. You have to play them straight too. When Flanagan reported that some critics thought the album was an ironic treatment of Christmas songs, Dylan responded: Critics like that are on the outside looking in. They are definitely not fans or the audience that I play to. They would have no gut level understanding of me and my work, what I can and can't do—the scope of it all. Even at this point
Víctor Ruiz Torre Víctor Ruiz Torre (; born 25 January 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Valencia CF as a central defender. Club career. Born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Barcelona, Catalonia, Ruiz arrived in RCD Espanyol's youth system in 2006 at the age of 17, from neighbouring UE Cornellà. In 2008–09 he made his senior debuts, helping the reserve side win its Tercera División group and subsequently promote in the playoffs. On 6 December 2009 Ruiz made his debut with Espanyol's first team, starting and being booked in a 0–4 home loss against Racing de Santander. Coach Mauricio Pochettino, however, fielded him in a further 21 La Liga games that season, with the team finally ranking in 11th position; he added two goals, against Málaga CF (1–2 away defeat) and Atlético Madrid (3–0, home). In 2010–11, Ruiz played all the minutes for Espanyol in the first 15 rounds. On 31 January 2011 he was sold to S.S.C. Napoli for €6 million in a four 1/2-year contract, with the Italians also ceding the sporting rights to Jesús Dátolo, who was playing with the Spaniards on loan. On 30 August 2011 Ruiz returned to his country, penning a five-year deal with Valencia CF. He made his official debut on 10 September, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 home win against Atlético Madrid. International career. Shortly after making his professional debuts with Espanyol, Ruiz was called to the Spanish under-21 team by manager Luis Milla. On 8
Maggie Stiefvater Maggie Stiefvater (born November 18, 1981) is a bestselling American author of young-adult/urban fantasy novels. She currently lives in Virginia. Early life. After being home-schooled from sixth grade on, Maggie Stiefvater attended Mary Washington College, graduating with a B.A. in history. After graduating, she worked as a portrait artist, specializing in equestrian art, which is collected internationally. She is married with two children. Writing career. Stiefvater published her first novel, Lament in 2008, after several years and many dozens of rejections. Before Lament had been released, she sold the rights to Ballad, the sequel to Lament, and to Shiver. Shiver was embraced by independent booksellers and overseas publishers, ultimately selling to more than 38 foreign territories. The Shiver Trilogy spent more than 40 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List. In 2010, Linger debuted at the number one spot on the New York Times Bestseller List. In 2010, Stiefvater was asked to speak at a TEDxNASA conference in Virginia and delivered a presentation called How Bad Teens Become Famous People. Music. Stiefvater is also known for her music. She played the highland bagpipes competitively while in college, and began a Celtic band, Ballynoola, that toured on the eastern seaboard. She plays multiple other instruments as well. With her sister, Kate Hummel, she writes and records a piece of music for each novel she releases. These are released to the public in the form of animated book trailers. Stiefvater is also known for drawing on guitars with
Working class in the United States In the United States, the concept of a working class remains vaguely defined and is especially contentious. Since many members of the working class, as defined by academic models, are often identified in the vernacular as being middle class, there is considerable ambiguity over the term's meaning. Sociologists such as Dennis Gilbert and Joseph Kahl see the working class as the most populous in the United States, while other sociologists such as William Thompson, Joseph Hickey and James Henslin deem the lower middle class slightly more populous. In the class models devised by these sociologists, the working class comprises between 30% and 35% of the population, roughly the same percentages as the lower middle class. According to the class model by Dennis Gilbert, the working class comprises those between the 25th and 55th percentile of society. Those in the working class are commonly employed in clerical, retail sales and low-skill manual labor occupations. Low-level white-collar employees are included in this class. For purposes of political science, and less scientific or journalistic political analysis, defining the working class as less well educated workers is useful. One can then meaningfully analyze the political opinions and political behavior of, say, the white working class in the United States. In the case of the United States, for example, the white working class is often defined as white (i.e. non-Hispanic) workers who have not completed college. Recent history. Since the 1970s, economic and occupational insecurity have become a
Alleged plot to kidnap Pope Pius XII Several authors have alleged a plot to kidnap Pope Pius XII by the Nazis when they occupied Rome during World War II. SS General Karl Wolff stated that he had been ordered on September 13, 1943 to kidnap the Pope. Both British historian Owen Chadwick and Jesuit ADSS editor Robert A. Graham dismissed the existence of a plot as British wartime propaganda. Dan Kurzman, a former correspondent for the Washington Post, published a book in 2007 maintaining that the plot was serious. Sources alleging a plot. Karl Wolff. SS General Karl Wolff claimed while testifying at the Nuremberg Trials that he had disobeyed an order from Hitler to kidnap the Pope and instead sneaked into the Vatican to warn the Pontiff. Most other allegations of a plot to kidnap Pius XII are based on a claimed 1972 document written by Wolff that Avvenire d'Italia published in 1991 and on personal interviews with Wolff before his death in 1984. Wolff maintained that Hitler summoned Wolff to his office on September 13, 1943, and that Hitler stated: I have a special mission for you, Wolff. It will be your duty not to discuss it with anyone before I give you permission to do so. Only Reichsfuhrer (Himmler) knows about it. Do you understand? ... I want you and your troops to occupy Vatican City as soon as possible, secure its files and art treasures, and take the Pope and Curia to the north. I
A. Senapathi Gounder A. Senapathi Gounder (9 September 1916 - 25 February 1992) was an Indian politician, former Member of Parliament India and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Palani Parliament constituency as a member of the Indian National Congress party in four consecutive times (1980, 1984, 1989 and 1991), his last term ending with his death. He was the candidate from Dharapuram constituency in 1952 and 1957 elections; candidate from Oddanchatram constituency in 1962 election; candidate from Kangayam constituency in 1967 election. He came from a village called Kuttappalayam in Kangayam taluka in the Tiruppur district. He was a member of the Mandradiar family and married into the Venadudayar family of the Pattakkarars. Among his ancestors were Dheeran Chinnamalai the famous freedom fighter. He was a founder of TRN Polytechnic college in Dharapuram and TRN ITI in Vellakovil His younger son K.S.Venugopal is M.L.A from Palani constituency in 2011 election  
The Whirlwind The Whirlwind is the third studio album by the band Transatlantic, released on 23 October 2009. It is available in three formats: a standard edition, a double disc special edition and a deluxe edition with a 105 minute making-of DVD. The main album, while indexed into twelve tracks, is considered one song. It is represented as one track on the band's third live album . The bonus disc (which comes with the Special and Deluxe Editions) includes eight new studio recordings: four original Transatlantic songs and four cover songs. At the end of the second disc, there is a hidden track by the band, played on ukulele with vocals. Personnel. Transatlantic Additional Musicians  
Ventricular aneurysm Ventricular aneurysms are one of the many complications that may occur after a heart attack (myocardial infarction). They usually arise from a patch of weakened tissue in a ventricular wall, which swells into a bubble filled with blood. This, in turn, may block the passageways leading out of the heart, leading to severely constricted blood flow to the body. Ventricular aneurysms can be fatal. They are usually non-rupturing because they are lined by scar tissue. Left ventricular aneurysm can be associated with ST elevation. Causes. Ventricular aneurysms are usually aftereffects of myocardial infarctions. When the heart muscle (cardiac muscle) partially dies during a heart attack, a layer of muscle may survive, and being severely weakened, start to become an aneurysm. The blood may flow into the surrounding dead muscle and inflate the weakened flap of muscle into a bubble. Effects. Ventricular aneurysms usually grow at a very slow pace, but can still pose problems. Usually this type of aneurysm grows in the left ventricle. This bubble has the potential to block blood flow to the body, and thus limit the patient's stamina. In other cases, a similarly developed pseudoaneurysm false aneurysm may burst, sometimes resulting in death of the patient. Also, blood clots may form on the inside of ventricular aneurysms, and form embolisms. If these blood clots escape from the aneurysm, they will be moved in the circulation throughout the body. If these blood clots get stuck inside a blood vessel, they may cause ischemia in
Peddamanushulu Peddamanushulu or Pedda Manushulu is a 1954 Telugu film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy. The film is themed on corruption, and portrays all Peddamanushulu (influential people) as corrupt. Plot. The main characters in the film are in the public service, most of them in corrupt, negative roles, and there are many villains instead of one main villain. Dharma Rao (Gowrinatha Sastry) is the Chairman of the municipality. The municipal contractor, a local businessman, and his associates make up the rest of the corrupt cast. They use their influence for their own personal ends in secret. The municipal counsellor, however, Ramadasu (Lingamurthy), who is also a newspaper editor, is honest and uncorrupted. What happens to all these characters makes up the plot of the movie. Awards. National Film Awards  
Nachiket Mor Nachiket Mor was the Chairman of the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth. Now is working at SughaVazhvu He is considered a financial services expert, and was a former deputy managing director of ICICI Bank. Early life. Nachiket Mor was born in Mumbai. He is a Yale World Fellow (2004); has a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania with a specialisation in Finance from the Wharton School; a Master’s degree in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and an undergraduate degree in Physics from the Mumbai University. Career. He started his career as an officer in the corporate planning and policy cell of ICICI Bank in 1987. While completing his Ph.D., he was associated with a Philadelphia based hedge fund (Quantitative Financial Strategies) for three years. He has worked with ICICI since 1987 in a variety of jobs, including Corporate Planning, Project Finance, Treasury and Rural Banking, and he was a member of ICICI Bank’s Board from 2001 to 2007. He was the President of ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth and quit in 2011 to start working on SughaVazhvu Healthcare. He studied Public Health in Yale in 2004. He is also a member of Government of India's TAGUP, which is overseeing roll out of major IT projects. He was involved in India’s rural and micro banking initiatives and has in-depth knowledge on banking and financial management in the country. He is a member of the Boards of Reserve Bank of India, CRISIL, RUDI (SEWA),
Kirātārjunīya Kirātārjunīya (, Of Arjuna and the Kirāta) is a Sanskrit kavya by Bhāravi, written in the 6th century or earlier. It is an epic poem in eighteen cantos describing the combat between Arjuna and lord Shiva in the guise of a kirāta or mountain-dwelling hunter. Along with the Naiṣadhacarita and the Shishupala Vadha, it is one of the larger three of the six Sanskrit mahakavyas, or great epics. It is noted among Sanskrit critics both for its gravity or depth of meaning, and for its forceful and sometimes playful expression. This includes a canto set aside for demonstrating linguistic feats, similar to constrained writing. Later works of epic poetry followed the model of the Kirātārjunīya. Synopsis. The Kirātārjunīya predominantly features the Vīra rasa, or the mood of valour. It expands upon a minor episode in the Vana Parva (Forest book) in the Mahabharata: While the Pandavas are exiled in the forest, Draupadi and Bhima incite Yudhisthira to declare war with the Kauravas, while he does not relent. Finally, Arjuna, at the instruction of Indra, propitiates god Shiva with penance (tapasya) in the forest. Pleased by his austerities, Shiva decides to reward him. When a demon named Muka, in the form of a wild boar, charges toward Arjuna, Shiva appears in the form of a Kirāta, a wild mountaineer. Arjuna and the Kirāta simultaneously shoot an arrow at the boar, and kill it. They argue over who shot first, and a battle ensues. They fight for a long time,
Roark Capital Group Roark Capital Group is an American private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies primarily in consumer and business services companies. Roark has historically focused on the franchise, food and restaurant, specialty retail, environmental services, waste management, and marketing services sectors. The firm is named for Howard Roark, the fictional protagonist in Ayn Rand's classic novel, The Fountainhead. History. The firm, which is based in Atlanta, Georgia, was founded in 2001 by the current Managing Partner, Neal Aronson. Prior to founding Roark Capital Group, Aronson was a co-founder of U.S. Franchise Systems (USFS), which was headed by Aronson's father-in-law, Mike Leven, and established to buy Microtel, a hotel chain then headquartered in Rochester, NY. USFS shortly thereafter also bought the franchising rights to Hawthorne Suites and later added the economy conversion brand, Best Inns (which later became America's Best Inns after USFS was bought out by Hyatt in 2000). Roark has raised approximately $3 billion since inception across three institutional private equity funds. The firm raised its first institutional fund in 2005 with $413 million. The firm's second fund was closed in 2008 with $1 billion of investor commitments. The firm's third institutional fund was closed in 2012 with $1.5 billion of investor commitments. Prior to its first fund, Roark raised capital on an as-needed basis, investing approximately $150m in seven companies from 2001 through 2005. Investments. Roark has acquired 25 businesses from the entrepreneurs who founded them and has invested in 21
Walter Walsh Colonel Walter Rudolph Walsh (born May 4, 1907) is a former FBI agent, USMC shooting instructor and Olympic shooter. Walsh joined the FBI in 1934, serving during the Public enemy era, and was involved in several high-profile FBI cases, including the capture of Arthur Barker and the killing of Al Brady. He served in the Pacific theatre during World War II with the Marine Corps and, after a brief return to the FBI, served as a shooting instructor with the Marine Corps until his retirement in the 1970s. A high profile shooter, Walsh won numerous tournaments within the FBI and the Marine Corps, as well as nationally, and participated in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He received awards for his marksmanship until the age of 90 and served as the coach of the Olympic shooting team until 2000. At the FBI's 100th anniversary celebration he was recognized as the oldest living former agent and noted as being a year older than the organization itself. Aside from some hearing and memory loss, he remained physically fit at his 103rd birthday and, in March 2013, became the longest-lived Olympic competitor. Early life and FBI career. Walsh was born in Union City, New Jersey. He joined the Civilian Military Training Corps at age 16, and the New Jersey Army National Guard in 1928. After graduating from Rutgers Law School, Walsh joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1934. Later that year, he discovered the body of gangster Baby Face Nelson, who
PolitiFact.com PolitiFact.com is a project operated by the Tampa Bay Times, in which reporters and editors from the Times and affiliated media outlets fact-check statements by members of Congress, the White House, lobbyists and interest groups. They publish original statements and their evaluations on the PolitiFact.com website, and assign each a Truth-O-Meter rating. The ratings range from True for completely accurate statements to Pants on Fire (from the taunt Liar, liar, pants on fire) for outright lies. The site also includes an Obameter, tracking President Barack Obama's performance with regard to his campaign promises, and a GOP Pledge-O-Meter, which tracks promises made by House Republicans in their Pledge to America. PolitiFact.com's local affiliates keep similar track of statements and figures of regional relevance, as evidenced by PolitiFact Tennessee's Haslam-O-Meter tracking Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam's efforts. PolitiFact has been both praised and criticized by independent observers, conservatives, and liberals alike. Conservative bias and liberal bias have been alleged, and criticisms have been made of attempts to fact-check statements that cannot be truly fact-checked. History. PolitiFact.com was started in August 2007 by Times Washington Bureau Chief Bill Adair, in conjunction with the Congressional Quarterly. Adair remains PolitiFact.com's editor. The Tampa Bay Times' senior reporter, Alex Leary, succeeded Bill Adair, as Bureau Chief, as of July 1, 2013. Bill Adair has been named, Knight Professor of the Practice of Journalism and Public Policy at Duke University. http://today.duke.edu/2013/04/adair In January 2010, PolitiFact.com expanded to its second newspaper, the Cox Enterprises-owned Austin American-Statesman in
Masi Bicycles Masi Bicycles is a manufacturer of road, track, cyclocross and commuter bicycles based in Vista, California, United States. History. Faliero Masi commenced making bicycle frames at the Vigorelli Velodrome in Milano in the 1950s, after a career as a professional racer and team mechanic. In 1973 his son Alberto took over the Vigorelli shop while Faliero and two assistants came to the US and began production at a new facility in Carlsbad, California after selling the Cicli Masi name and trademark to an American businessman, Roland Sahm. Later, Faliero returned to Italy. Disputes over volume production caused a break in relations between Masi and the US Masi investors. The ownership of the US trademark remained with the US operation, so the Masi family were unable to sell bikes in the US under their own name. Alberto Masi would later release bikes into the US under the Milano 3V name. The U.S. rights to the Masi name and logo is now owned by Haro Bikes. Many well-known and successful professional cyclists rode Masi bikes, such as Antonio Maspes, Fausto Coppi, Felice Gimondi, Jacques Anquetil and Eddy Merckx.  
Union between Sweden and Norway The Union between Sweden and Norway (, ), officially the United Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway, comprised present-day Sweden and Norway in a personal union under one monarch between 1814 and 1905. Following the Treaty of Kiel and the declaration of Norwegian independence from their previous union with Denmark, a brief war with Sweden resulted in the Convention of Moss on 14 August and the subsequent Norwegian constitutional revision of 4 November 1814. On the same day, the Norwegian parliament elected Charles XIII of Sweden as King of Norway. The events of 1814 resulted in a union of two sovereign states that had the same King, foreign policies, and diplomatic representations. Each had its own independent laws, parliament, government, administration, church, army, and currency. However, the King mostly resided in Stockholm, Swedes were initially viceroys in Norway, and foreign policy was conducted by the king through the Swedish foreign ministry in Stockholm. Later in the 19th century, a union cabinet consisting of ministers from both countries was called to discuss matters of foreign policy. On 7 July 1905, the union was unilaterally dissolved by the Norwegian parliament following the adoption of legislation to establish a separate Norwegian consular service, which was vetoed by King Oscar II. After negotiations in Karlstad, the peaceful dissolution of the union was formally recognized by Sweden on 26 October 1905. Prince Carl of Denmark was elected as king of Norway on 18 November—the country's first king of its own
Port Royal Port Royal was a city located at the end of the Palisadoes at the mouth of the Kingston Harbour, in southeastern Jamaica. Founded in 1518, it was the centre of shipping commerce in the Caribbean Sea during the latter half of the 17th century. It was destroyed by an earthquake in 1692 and a subsequent tsunami, and fires. Severe hurricanes have regularly damaged it. Another severe earthquake occurred in 1907. Port Royal was once home to privateers employed to nip at superpower Habsburg Spain's empire when smaller European powers dared not directly make war on Spain. As a port city, it was notorious for its gaudy displays of wealth and loose morals. It was a popular homeport for the English and Dutch sponsored privateers to spend their treasure during the 17th century. When those governments abandoned the practice of issuing letters of marque to privateers against the Spanish treasure fleets and possessions in the later 16th century, many of the crews turned pirate and used the city as their main base during the 17th century. Pirates from around the world congregated at Port Royal, coming from waters as far away as Madagascar. After the 1692 disaster, Port Royal's commercial role was steadily taken over by the town (and later, city) of Kingston. Current plans for Port Royal will redevelop the small fishing town into a tourist destination serviced by cruise ships. It is going to capitalize on its heritage, with archaeological findings at the heart of the
Straße des 17. Juni The Straße des 17. Juni (, ) is a street in central Berlin, the capital of Germany. It is the western continuation of the Unter den Linden. It runs east-west through the Tiergarten, a large park to the west of the city centre. At the eastern end of the street is the Brandenburg Gate, it then passes the Soviet War Memorial before passing either side of Victory Column (Siegessäule) in the middle of the park, and out of the park through the Charlottenburg Gate, terminating about half a kilometre later at Ernst-Reuter-Platz. The street is a section of the main western thoroughfare radiating out from the centre of Berlin so the road continues to the west of Ernst-Reuter-Platz the first section of which is called Bismarkstrasse. Before 1953, the street was called Charlottenburger Chaussee, because it ran from the old city center (Berlin-Mitte) to the borough of Charlottenburg through the Tiergarten (Animal garden). It was made into a paved road in 1799, and owing to Berlin's rapid growth in the 19th century it became a major thoroughfare to the affluent western suburbs. At the outbreak of World War One in early August 1914, hundreds of thousands of Berliners cheered the military parade, which took place here At the outbreak of World War Two, no such scenes were seen, according to the American journalist and historian William L. Shirer, but after Adolf Hitler returned from his inspection of Paris in 1940, a huge victory parade was
Seriema The seriemas are the sole extant members of the small and ancient clade Cariamidae, which is also the sole surviving lineage of the Cariamae group. Once believed to be related to cranes, they have been placed by one recent study near the falcons, parrots and passerines, as well as the extinct terror birds. The seriemas are large, long-legged terrestrial birds that range from 70 to 90 cm. They live in grasslands, savanna, dry woodland and open forests of Brazil, Bolivia, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. There are two species of seriemas, the Red-legged Seriema (Cariama cristata) and the Black-legged Seriema (Chunga burmeisteri). Names for these birds in the Tupian languages are siriema, sariama, çariama, which are explained as meaning crested (New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary). Taxonomy and systematics. There are two species of seriemas, the Red-legged Seriema, or Crested Cariama ( Cariama cristata) that is found from eastern Brazil, to central Argentina. It is bigger and nests on the ground or in bushes or trees up to above the ground. In the other hand, the Black-legged Seriema ( Chunga burmeisteri) is found in northwest Argentina and Paraguay. It nests in trees. The two extant species of seriema are thought to be the closest living relatives of a group of gigantic (up to tall) carnivorous terror birds, the phorusrhacids, which are known from fossils from South and North America. Several other related groups, such as the idiornithids and bathornithids were part of Palaeogene faunas in North America and Europe and
Rivers of Blood speech Enoch Powell's address to the General Meeting of the West Midlands Area Conservative Political Centre (commonly called Rivers of Blood speech) on 20 April 1968 was a speech criticising Commonwealth immigration, and anti-discrimination legislation that had been proposed in the United Kingdom. Enoch Powell (1912–1998) was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South West. Though Powell referred to the speech as the Birmingham speech, it is otherwise known as the Rivers of Blood speech, a title derived from its allusion to a line from Virgil's Aeneid. Although the phrase rivers of blood does not appear in the speech, the name alludes to the line, As I look ahead, I am filled with foreboding; like the Roman, I seem to see 'the River Tiber foaming with much blood.' The speech caused a political storm, making Powell one of the most talked about, though divisive, politicians in the country, and leading to his controversial dismissal from the Shadow Cabinet by Conservative party leader Edward Heath. According to most accounts, the popularity of Powell's perspective on race may have played a decisive contributory factor in the Conservatives' surprise victory in the 1970 general election, and he became one of the most persistent rebels opposing the subsequent Heath government. Background. Powell made the speech on 20 April 1968 at 14:30 in the Midland Hotel (later known as The Burlington Hotel), on New Street in Birmingham, to a meeting of the Conservative Political Centre. The Labour government's Race Relations
Conjugate transpose In mathematics, the conjugate transpose, Hermitian transpose, Hermitian conjugate, bedaggered matrix, or adjoint matrix of an m-by-n matrix ' with complex entries is the n-by-m matrix '* obtained from  by taking the transpose and then taking the complex conjugate of each entry (i.e., negating their imaginary parts but not their real parts). The conjugate transpose is formally defined by where the subscripts denote the i,j-th entry, for 1 ≤ i ≤ n and 1 ≤ j ≤ m, and the overbar denotes a scalar complex conjugate. (The complex conjugate of formula_2, where a and b are reals, is formula_3.) This definition can also be written as where formula_5 denotes the transpose and formula_6 denotes the matrix with complex conjugated entries. Other names for the conjugate transpose of a matrix are Hermitian conjugate, or transjugate. The conjugate transpose of a matrix  can be denoted by any of these symbols: In some contexts, formula_7 denotes the matrix with complex conjugated entries, and the conjugate transpose is then denoted by formula_12 or formula_13. Example. If then Basic remarks. A square matrix  with entries formula_16 is called Even if ' is not square, the two matrices '*' and '* are both Hermitian and in fact positive semi-definite matrices. The conjugate transpose adjoint matrix '* should not be confused with the adjugate adj('), which is also sometimes called adjoint. Finding the conjugate transpose of a matrix ' with real entries reduces to finding the transpose of ', as the
Fort Christina Fort Christina (later renamed Fort Altena; ) was the first Swedish settlement in North America and the principal settlement of the New Sweden colony. Built in 1638 and named after Queen Christina of Sweden, it was located approximately 1 mi (1.6 km) east of the present downtown Wilmington, Delaware, at the confluence of the Brandywine Creek and the Christina River, approximately 2 mi (3 km) upstream from the mouth of the Christina on the Delaware River. History. The Dutch, as part of the New Netherland colony, maintained a factorij at Fort Nassau. A settlement along south side of Delaware Bay at Zwaanendael (near present-day Lewes) was attempted in 1631, but the colony was attacked and destroyed the following year by Native Americans. Following plans by King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden to establish a Swedish colony in North America, the Swedes arrived in Delaware Bay on March 29, 1638 aboard the ships Kalmar Nyckel and Fogel Grip under the command of Peter Minuit, the former director general of the New Netherland colony. They landed at a spot along the Christina River at the present site of Old Swedes Church in Wilmington. Minuit selected the site on the Christina River near the Delaware as being optimal for trade in beaver pelts with the local Lenape. At the time, the Dutch had claimed the area south to the Delaware (then called South River). The Swedes claimed an area for the Realm of Sweden on the south side of the Delaware
Soviet imperialism The informal term Soviet Empire is used by critics of the Soviet Union to refer to that country's perceived imperialist foreign policy during the Cold War. These nations were independent countries with separate governments that set their own policies, but those policies had to remain within certain limits decided by the Soviet Union. Failure to stay within the limits could result in military intervention by the Warsaw Pact. Countries in this situation are often called satellite states. This arrangement was always unofficial, and the Soviet government always denied having any power over other countries. Though the Soviet Union was not ruled by an emperor and declared itself anti-imperialist, critics argue that it exhibited tendencies common to historic empires. Some scholars hold that the Soviet Union was a hybrid entity containing elements common to both multinational empires and nation states. It has also been argued that the USSR practiced colonialism as did other imperial powers. Influence. The Soviet Empire is considered to have included the following: The Soviet Union and its satellite states. These countries were the closest allies of the Soviet Union. They were members of the Comecon, a Soviet-led economic community founded in 1949. In addition, the ones located in Eastern Europe were also members of the Warsaw Pact. They were sometimes called the Eastern bloc in English and were widely viewed as Soviet satellite states. Soviet involvement in the Third World. Some countries in the Third World had pro-Soviet governments during the Cold War. In
Reichstag building The Reichstag building (; officially: Plenarbereich Reichstagsgebäude) is a historical edifice in Berlin, Germany, constructed to house the Imperial Diet (German: Reichstag), of the German Empire. It was opened in 1894 and housed the Diet until 1933, when it was severely damaged in a fire. After World War II, the building fell into disuse; the parliament of the German Democratic Republic (the Volkskammer) met in the Palast der Republik in East Berlin, while the parliament of the Federal Republic of Germany (the Bundestag) met in the Bundeshaus in Bonn. The ruined building was made safe against the elements and partially refurbished in the 1960s, but no attempt at full restoration was made until after German reunification on 3 October 1990, when it underwent a reconstruction led by architect Norman Foster. After its completion in 1999, it once again became the meeting place of the German parliament: the modern Bundestag. The term Reichstag, when used to connote a diet, dates back to the Holy Roman Empire. The building was built for the Diet (German: Reichstag) of the German Empire, which was succeeded by the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic. The latter would become the Reichstag of Nazi Germany, which left the building (and ceased to act as a parliament) after the 1933 fire and never returned; the term Reichstag has not been used by German parliaments since World War II. In today's usage, the German word Reichstag (Imperial Diet Building) refers mainly to the building, while Bundestag (Federal
Seahenge Seahenge, which is also known as Holme I, was a prehistoric monument located in the village of Holme-next-the-Sea, near Old Hunstanton in the English county of Norfolk. A timber circle with an upturned tree root in the centre, Seahenge was apparently built in the 21st century BC, during the early Bronze Age in Britain, most likely for ritual purposes. The site consisted of an outer ring comprising fifty-five small split oak trunks forming a roughly circular enclosure around . Rather than being placed in individual holes, the timbers had been arranged around a circular construction trench. Their split sides faced inwards and their bark faced outwards (with one exception where the opposite is the case). One of the trunks on the south western side had a narrow Y fork in it, permitting access to the central area. Another post had been placed outside this entrance, which would have prevented anyone from seeing inside. The timbers were set in ground to a depth of from the contemporary surface although how far they originally extended upwards is not known. In the centre of the ring was a large inverted oak stump. Although the henge's existence had been common knowledge amongst locals for several decades, Seahenge received its name from the press in 1998, who named it after the more famous prehistoric structure Stonehenge in Wiltshire, and was picked up by the local and national media, inducing a great deal of publicity around its excavation. This was only increased due to
Flag Fen Flag Fen near Peterborough, England is a Bronze Age site, probably religious. It comprises over 60,000 timbers arranged in five very long rows (around 1 km) connecting Whittlesey Island with Peterborough across the wet fenland. Part way across the structure, a small island was formed which is where it is presumed that the religious ceremonies occurred. Dendrochronological dating provides a date of 1365–967 BC. There was great environmental change during this period. The land began to get wetter due to floods becoming more common as a result of more rainy seasons. Due to this, people were losing the land on which they farmed, causing great alarm for the nearby populations. In the 10th century BC the ground level was much lower than today, increasing around 1 mm (0.039 inches) per year as autumnal debris is added to the surface of the fens. This caused the structure to be covered up and preserved. The anaerobic conditions found in the waterlogged soil prevented the timbers and other wooden objects from rotting away. The site was first discovered in 1982 when a team led by Francis Pryor carried out a survey of dykes in the area funded by English Heritage. Due to extensive drainage of the surrounding area, many of the timbers are drying out and are threatened with destruction. Archaeologists are studying it and there is a well-organised visitor centre there with museum and exhibitions. In the preservation hall one section of the timbers is preserved in-situ and prevented
Aeon Flux Æon Flux is originally an avant-garde science fiction animated television series that aired on MTV in various forms throughout the 1990s, with film, comic book, and video game adaptations following thereafter. It premiered in 1991 on MTV's Liquid Television experimental animation show as a six-part serial of short films, followed in 1992 by five individual short episodes. In 1995, a season of ten half-hour episodes aired as a stand-alone series, rated TV-14. Æon Flux was created by Korean American animator Peter Chung (who also created the character designs for Phantom 2040, which used a similar animation style as Æon Flux). A live action motion picture loosely based upon the series and starring Charlize Theron was released in theaters on December 2, 2005, preceded in November of that year by a tie-in video game based mostly on the movie but containing some elements of the original TV series. The title is based on the Gnostic notion of an Æon – emanations of God – specifically the Valentinian notion of a syzygy, a sexually complementary pair of emanations, here the two main characters. The Gnostic influence is also present in the use of a demiurge in one episode. Production. Background. Æon Flux is set in a bizarre, dystopian future world. The title character is a tall, leather-clad secret agent from the nation of Monica, skilled in assassination and acrobatics. Her mission is to infiltrate the strongholds of the neighboring country of Bregna, which is led by her sometimes-nemesis and
Society of the Cincinnati The Society of the Cincinnati is an historical, hereditary lineage organization with branches in the United States and France, founded in 1783 to preserve the ideals and fellowship of the American Revolutionary War officers. The city of Cincinnati, Ohio, then a small village, was named after the Society. Now in its third century, the Society promotes public interest in the American Revolution through its library and museum collections, exhibitions, programs, publications, and other activities. Origins. The concept of the Society of the Cincinnati was started by Major General Henry Knox. The first meeting of the Society was held in May 1783 at a dinner at Mount Gulian (Verplanck House) in Fishkill, New York, before the British evacuation from New York City. The meeting was chaired by Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Hamilton, and the participants agreed to stay in contact with each other after the war. Membership was generally limited to officers who had served at least three years in the Continental Army or Navy; it included officers of the French Army and Navy above certain ranks. Later in a system of primogeniture, membership was passed down to the eldest son after the death of the original member. Present-day hereditary members generally must be descended from an officer who served in the Continental Army or Navy for at least three years, from an officer who died or was killed in service, or from an officer serving at the close of the Revolution. Each officer may be represented
Angraecum The genus Angraecum, abbreviated as Angcm in horticultural trade, common name Angrek (Indonesian and Malay) or Comet Orchid, contains about 220 species, some of them among most magnificent of all orchids. They are quite varied vegetatively and florally and are adapted to dry tropical woodland habitat and have quite fleshy leaves as a consequence. Most are epiphytes, but a few are lithophytes. Tropical Africa and Madagascar contain the majority of the genus with one outlier found on Sri Lanka, and three species once thought to belong to the genus in Japan and the Philippines. But these orchids can also be found on the Comoros, the Seychelles, and the Mascarenes. They occur between sea level and 2,000m in humid regions. The long-lasting flowers are racemose and grow from the leaf axils. They are mostly white, but a few are yellow, green or ochre. They all have a long spur at the back of the labellum (lip). In the case of Angraecum sesquipedale, a species from Madagascar, on observing the 30 cm spur in the lip, Charles Darwin made the hypothesis that, since the nectar was at the bottom of the spur, a pollinator must exist with a tongue at least that long. Otherwise the orchid could never be pollinated. At the time, he was not believed. However, in 1903, the predicted pollinator was discovered, a hawk moth then named Xanthopan morganii praedicta (praedicta meaning the predicted one). It has an appropriately long proboscis. The specific name sesquipedale means one
Monopodial Vascular plants with monopodial growth habits grow upward from a single point. They add leaves to the apex each year and the stem grows longer accordingly. The word Monopodial is derived from Greek mono-, one and podial, foot, in reference to the fact that monopodial plants have a single trunk or stem. Orchids with monopodial growth often produce copious aerial roots that often hang down in long drapes and have green chlorophyll underneath the grey root coverings, which are used as additional photosynthetic organs. They do not have a rhizome or pseudobulbs so species adapted to dry periods have fleshy succulent leaves instead. Flowers generally come from the stem between the leaves. With some monopodial species, the stem (the rhizome) might fork into two, but for all monopodial orchids this is not necessary for continued growth, as opposed to orchids with sympodial growth.  
Comorbidity In medicine, comorbidity is either the presence of one or more disorders (or diseases) in addition to a primary disease or disorder, or the effect of such additional disorders or diseases. In medicine, the term comorbid can be either medical condition(s) existing simultaneously but independently with another condition, —or it can indicate medical condition(s) in a patient that are related to another condition. In psychiatric diagnoses it has been argued in part that this 'use of imprecise language may lead to correspondingly imprecise thinking', this usage of the term 'comorbidity' should probably be avoided. In medicine. In medicine, comorbidity describes the effect of all other diseases an individual patient might have other than the primary disease of interest. Many tests attempt to standardize the weight or value of comorbid conditions, whether they are secondary or tertiary illnesses. Each test attempts to consolidate each individual comorbid condition into a single, predictive variable that measures mortality or other outcomes. Researchers have validated such tests because of their predictive value, but no one test is as yet recognized as a standard. The term comorbid has two definitions: Charlson index. The Charlson comorbidity index predicts the ten-year mortality for a patient who may have a range of comorbid conditions, such as heart disease, AIDS, or cancer (a total of 22 conditions). Each condition is assigned a score of 1, 2, 3, or 6, depending on the risk of dying associated with each one. Scores are summed to provide a total score to
Length of stay Length of stay (LOS) is a term commonly used to measure the duration of a single episode of hospitalization. Inpatient days are calculated by subtracting day of admission from day of discharge. However, persons entering and leaving a hospital on the same day have a length of stay of one. (See hospital.) A popular statistic associated with length of stay is the average length of stay (ALOS), calculated by dividing the sum of inpatient days by the number of patients admissions with the same DRG classification. A variation in the calculation of ALOS could be consider only length of stay during the period under analysis. The prospective payment system in U.S. Medicare for reimbursing hospital care promotes shorter LOS by paying the same amount for procedures, regardless of days spent in the hospital. The term Average length of stay ALOS is also applicable to other industries e.g. entertainment, event marketing, trade show and leisure. ALOS is used to determine the length of time an attendee is expected to spend on a site or in a venue and is part of the calculation used to determine the gross sales potential for selling space to vendors etc. and affects everything from parking to sanitation, staffing and food and beverage. Almost all operational aspects can be altered by an attendee's ALOS.  
Sizar At Trinity College, Dublin and the University of Cambridge, a sizar is a student who receives some form of assistance such as meals, lower fees or lodging during his or her period of study, in some cases in return for doing a defined job. Etymology. The word is thought to derive from the sizes or sizings (in turn a shortened form of assize), which were the specified portions of food and drink made available at a fixed price at the college. One of the sizar's duties was, historically, to fetch the sizes for his colleagues. History. According to Alumni Dublinenses from 1935, most students entered Trinity College, Dublin as pensioners; in other words, they paid a fixed sum annually. The other two categories were sizars and fellow commoners (Socii Comitates). Sizars were allowed free education in consideration of performing certain, at one time menial, duties; fellow commoners paid double fees and enjoyed several privileges, including that of finishing the College course in three years instead of four; sizars were sons of poor parents, frequently the clergy. According to William Howitt, writing in 1847 with reference to Oliver Goldsmith: Trinity College, Dublin, is a noble structure; and, with its spacious courts and extensive gardens, more fittingly deserving the name of parks, one would think a place where the years of studentship might — especially in the heart of such a city — be very agreeably spent. But Goldsmith entered there under circumstances that were irksome to him, and to
Self-modifying code In computer science, self-modifying code is code that alters its own instructions while it is executing - usually to reduce the instruction path length and improve performance or simply to reduce otherwise repetitively similar code, thus simplifying maintenance. Self modification is an alternative to the method of 'flag setting' and conditional program branching, used primarily to reduce the number of times a condition needs to be tested for. The term is usually only applied to code where the self-modification is intentional, not in situations where code accidentally modifies itself due to an error such as a buffer overflow. The method is frequently used for conditionally invoking test/debugging code without requiring additional computational overhead for every input/output cycle. The modifications may be performed:- In either case, the modifications may be performed directly to the machine code instructions themselves, by overlaying new instructions over the existing ones (for example: altering a compare and branch to an unconditional branch or alternatively a 'NOP'). In the IBM/360 and Z/Architecture instruction set, an EXECUTE (EX) instruction overlays its target instruction (in its 2nd byte) with the lowest order 8 bits of register 1, as a standard, legitimate method of (temporary) instruction modification. Application in low and high level languages. Self-modification can be accomplished in a variety of ways depending upon the programming language and its support for pointers and/or access to dynamic compiler or interpreter 'engines': Assembly language. Self-modifying code is quite straightforward to implement when using assembly language. Instructions can be
Bamboo Curtain The Bamboo Curtain is a Cold War euphemism for the political demarcation between the Communist and capitalist and non-communist states of East Asia, particularly the People's Republic of China. The term was less often applied to the Korean Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea and the flexible Southeast Asia border between Communism and the West (here referring to the forces aligned against Communism during the Cold War). During the Cultural Revolution in China, the Chinese authorities put its sections of the Curtain under a lock-down of sorts, forbidding entry into or passage out of the country without explicit permission from the Chinese government. Many would-be refugees attempting to flee to capitalist countries were prevented from escaping in this manner. Occasional relaxations had led to several waves of influx of refugees into the then British crown colony of Hong Kong. The term Bamboo Curtain was used less often than the term Iron Curtain in part because while the latter remained relatively static for over 40 years, the former shifted constantly and was somewhat more porous. It was also a less accurate description of the political situation in Asia because of the lack of cohesion within the East Asian Communist Bloc, which ultimately resulted in the Sino-Soviet split; The Communist governments of Mongolia, Vietnam and later Laos were allies of the Soviet Union, while Cambodia's regime of Pol Pot was loyal to China. Shortly after the Korean War, North Korea swore allegiance to neither the USSR nor China
Vanda Vanda is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) which, although not large (about fifty species), is one of the most important florally. This genus and its allies are considered to be the most highly evolved of all orchids within Orchidaceae. The genus is very highly prized in horticulture for its showy, fragrant, long lasting, and intensely colorful flowers. Biology. The name Vanda is derived from the Sanskrit name for the species Vanda tessellata. These mostly epiphytic, but sometimes lithophytic or terrestrial orchids are distributed in India, Himalaya, SE Asia, Indonesia, the Philippines, New Guinea, southern China and northern Australia. The genus has a monopodial growth habit with leaves that are highly variable according to habitat. Some have flat, typically broad, ovoid leaves (strap-leaves), while others have cylindrical (terete), fleshy leaves and are adapted to dry periods. The stems of these orchids vary considerably in size; there are miniature plants and plants with a length of several meters. The plants can become quite massive in habitat and in cultivation, and epiphytic species possess very large, rambling aerial root systems. There are few to many flattened flowers growing on a lateral inflorescence. Most show a yellow-brown color with brown markings, but they also appear in white, green, orange, red and burgundy shades. The lip has a small spur. Vandas usually bloom every few months and the flowers last for two to three weeks. Many Vanda orchids (especially Vanda coerulea) are endangered, and have never been common because they are
Music therapy Music therapy is the clinical and evidence-based use of music interventions to accomplish individualized goals within a therapeutic relationship by a credentialed professional who has completed an approved music therapy program. Music therapy is an allied health profession and one of the expressive therapies, consisting of an interpersonal process in which a certified music therapist uses music and all of its facets—physical, emotional, mental, social, aesthetic, and spiritual—to help clients to improve or maintain their health. Music therapists primarily help clients improve their health across various domains, including cognitive functioning, motor skills, emotional and affective development, behavior and social skills, and quality of life, by using music experiences such as free improvisation, singing, songwriting, and listening to, discussing, and moving to music to achieve treatment goals and objectives. Music therapy is considered both an art and a science. It has a wide qualitative and quantitative research literature base and incorporates clinical therapy, biomusicology, musical acoustics, music theory, psychoacoustics, embodied music cognition, aesthetics of music, and comparative musicology. Referrals to music therapy services may be made by other health care professionals such as physicians, psychologists, physical therapists, and occupational therapists. Clients can also choose to pursue music therapy services without a referral (i.e., self-referral). Music therapists are found in nearly every area of the helping professions. Some commonly found practices include developmental work (communication, motor skills, etc.) with individuals with special needs, songwriting and listening in reminiscence/orientation work with the elderly, processing and relaxation work, and rhythmic entrainment
Eugen Weidmann Eugen Weidmann (February 5, 1908 – June 17, 1939) was the last person to be publicly executed in France. Executions by guillotine in France continued in private until September 10, 1977, when Hamida Djandoubi was the last person to be executed. Early life. Weidmann was born in Frankfurt am Main in Germany to the family of an export businessman, and went to school there. He was sent to live with his grandparents at the outbreak of World War I; during this time he started stealing. Later in his 20s he served five years in Saarbrücken jail for robbery. During his time in jail Weidmann met two men who would later become his partners in crime: Roger Million and Jean Blanc. After their release from jail, they decided to work together to kidnap rich tourists visiting France and steal their money. They rented a villa in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, for this purpose. Kidnapping. Their first kidnap attempt ended in failure because their victim struggled too hard, forcing them to let him go. In July 1937, they made a second attempt, Weidmann having made the acquaintance of Jean De Koven, a 22-year-old New York dancer visiting her aunt Ida Sackheim in Paris. Impressed by the tall, handsome German, De Koven wrote to a friend: I have just met a charming German of keen intelligence who calls himself Siegfried. Perhaps I am going to another Wagnerian role - who knows? I am going to visit him tomorrow at his villa
William Beveridge William Henry Beveridge, 1st Baron Beveridge KCB (5 March 1879 – 16 March 1963) was a British economist and social reformer. He is best known for his 1942 report Social Insurance and Allied Services (known as the Beveridge Report) which served as the basis for the post-World War II welfare state put in place by the Labour government elected in 1945. Lord Beveridge, considered an authority on unemployment insurance from early in his career, served under Winston Churchill on the Board of Trade as Director of the newly created labour exchanges and later as Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Food. He was Director of the London School of Economics and Political Science from 1919 until 1937, when he was elected Master of University College, Oxford. Beveridge published widely on unemployment and social security, his most notable works being: Unemployment: A Problem of Industry (1909), Planning Under Socialism (1936), Full Employment in a Free Society (1944), Pillars of Security (1943), Power and Influence (1953), and A Defence of Free Learning (1959). Early life and education. Beveridge, the eldest son of Henry Beveridge, an Indian Civil Service officer and scholar Annette Akroyd, was born in Rangpur, India (now Rangpur, Bangladesh), on 5 March 1879. He was educated at Charterhouse School, a boarding independent school in the market town of Godalming in Surrey, followed by Balliol College at the University of Oxford, where he studied Mathematics and Classics, obtaining a First in both. He later studied Law. Life and
Susannah York Susannah York (9 January 1939 – 15 January 2011) was an English film, stage and television actress. She was awarded a BAFTA as Best Supporting Actress for They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (1969) and was nominated for an Oscar and Golden Globe for the same film. She won best actress for Images at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. In 1991 she was appointed an Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. Her appearances in various hit films of the 1960s formed the basis of her international reputation, and an obituary in The Telegraph characterised her as the blue-eyed English rose with the china-white skin and cupid lips who epitomised the sensuality of the swinging Sixties. Early life. York was born Susannah Yolande Fletcher in Chelsea, London, in 1939, the younger daughter of Simon William Peel Vickers Fletcher (1910–2002), a merchant banker and steel magnate, and his first wife, the former Joan Nita Mary Bowring – they married in 1935 and divorced prior to 1943. Her maternal grandfather was Walter Andrew Bowring, CBE, a British diplomat who served as Administrator of Dominica (1933–1935); she was a great-great-granddaughter of political economist Sir John Bowring. York had an elder sister, as well as a half-brother, Eugene Xavier Charles William Peel Fletcher, from her father's second marriage to Pauline de Bearnez de Morton de La Chapelle. In early 1943, her mother married a Scottish businessman, Adam M. Hamilton, and moved, with her daughter, to Scotland. At the age of 11
Airspeed Ambassador The Airspeed AS.57 Ambassador was a British twin piston engined airliner that first flew on 10 July 1947 and served in small numbers through the 1950s and 1960s. Design and development. The Ambassador had its origin in 1943 as a requirement identified by the Brabazon Committee for a twin-engined short-to-medium-haul replacement for the Douglas DC-3. Airspeed Ltd. was asked to prepare an unpressurised design in the 14.5-ton gross weight class, using two Bristol Hercules radial engines. In 1943, the company duly set up a dispersed design office in Fairmile Manor at Cobham in Surrey. By the time the British Ministry of Aircraft Production ordered two prototypes from Airspeed, immediately after the end of the Second World War, the design had grown substantially. The Ambassador would be pressurised, have more powerful Bristol Centaurus radials and have a maximum gross weight of almost 24 tons. The revised design offered seating for 47 passengers and, having a nose wheel undercarriage, looked more modern than the DC-3s, Curtiss Commandos, Avro Lancastrians and Vickers Vikings that were common on Europe's shorter airline routes. With three low fins and long pointed nose it shared something of the character of the larger transcontinental Lockheed Constellation. Great efforts were made to reduce drag, to improve performance and cruising efficiency. The engine nacelles were first designed with inwardly opening louvres for exhaust gases and cooling air rather than the usual outwardly opening gills. However, these proved inadequate to cool the engine, so the gills were reinstated.
Dyan Cannon Dyan Cannon (born Samille Diane Friesen; January 4, 1937) is an American film and television actress, director, screenwriter, editor, and producer. Early life. Cannon was born in Washington State in 1937. Her mother Claire (née Portnoy) was a housewife; Cannon's father, Ben, sold life insurance. Cannon was raised in the Jewish faith of her mother, who had emigrated from Russia; Dyan's father was Baptist. She attended West Seattle High School. Her younger brother is jazz bassist David Friesen. Career. Cannon made her screen debut in 1960 in The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond; however her small screen debut was in the late 1950s including a guest appearance on Bat Masterson in the 1959 episode entitled Lady Luck. She made another guest appearance in 1959 on CBS's  starring Steve McQueen in episode 54 Vanishing Act as Nicole McCready. About this time, she also appeared on another CBS western, Johnny Ringo, starring Don Durant, and on Jack Lord's ABC adventure drama, Stoney Burke. She portrayed Mona Elliott, with fellow guest star Franchot Tone, in the episode The Man Behind the Man of the 1964 CBS drama, The Reporter, with Harry Guardino in the title role. She also made appearances on 77 Sunset Strip, the perennial western series Gunsmoke, The Untouchables and the syndicated Two Faces West in the 1960 episode entitled Sheriff of the Town. In 1969, Cannon played Alice in the film Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice. She received Academy Award and Golden Globe
Tommy Morrison Tommy David Morrison (January 2, 1969September 1, 2013) was an American heavyweight boxer and a former World Boxing Organization champion. He lost only three out of a total of 52 professional fights. Morrison's nickname, The Duke, is based on the claim that he was a grandnephew of Hollywood star John Wayne. Morrison was a co-star with Sylvester Stallone in the 1990 boxing movie Rocky V. Morrison's professional boxing career ended in 2008, 12 years after he tested positive for HIV in 1996. Beginning in 2006, Morrison attempted a comeback after a 10-year hiatus, stating that his HIV diagnosis was negative. Morrison had multiple convictions for driving under the influence, assault, and drugs and weapons charges. Early life and amateur boxing. Tommy Morrison was born in Gravette, Arkansas. His father, Tim, was Irish-American, while his mother, Diana, was half Otoe and half Ponca. Morrison was raised in Delaware County, Oklahoma. Since Morrison's older brother and two uncles were boxers, Morrison's father urged him to begin boxing locally at the age of ten. At the age of 13, Morrison used a fake ID and entered fifteen toughman contests (the minimum age for contestants was 21). He later told The New York Times that he lost only one of these matches. Morrison's mother was acquitted of a murder charge four decades ago. His father, Tim, was abusive; he would get drunk and beat Morrison as well as his mother. Tim was also a perpetual philanderer until Diana finally left him.
Brewster F2A Buffalo The Brewster F2A Buffalo was an American fighter aircraft which saw service early in World War II. Designed and built by the Brewster Aeronautical Corporation, it was one of the first U.S. monoplanes with an arrestor hook and other modifications for aircraft carriers. The Buffalo won a competition against the Grumman F4F Wildcat in 1939 to become the U.S. Navy's first monoplane fighter aircraft. Although superior to the Grumman F3F biplane it replaced and the early F4Fs, the Buffalo turned out to be a disappointment for the USN and USMC because weight of added equipment wasn't balanced by an increase in horsepower. Several nations, including Finland, Belgium, Britain and the Netherlands, ordered the Buffalo. Of all the users, the Finns were the most successful with their Buffalos, flying them in combat against early Soviet fighters with excellent results. During the Continuation War of 1941–1944, the B-239s (a de-navalized F2A-1) operated by the Finnish Air Force proved capable of engaging and destroying most types of Soviet fighter aircraft operating against Finland at that time and achieving in the first phase of that conflict 32 Soviet aircraft shot down for every B-239 lost. and producing 36 Buffalo aces. In December 1941, Buffalos operated by both British Commonwealth (B-339E) and Dutch (B-339D) air forces in South East Asia suffered severe losses in combat against the Japanese Navy's Mitsubishi A6M Zero and the Japanese Army's Nakajima Ki-43 Oscar. The British attempted to lighten their Buffalos by removing ammunition and fuel
Minnie Driver Amelia Fiona Minnie Driver (born 31 January 1970) is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the film Good Will Hunting, and an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe for her work in the television series The Riches. Early life. Driver was born in London, the daughter of Gaynor Churchward (née Millington), a designer and former couture model, and Ronnie Driver, a Yorkshire businessman and financial adviser from Swansea. Ronnie Driver was acknowledged as a war hero and awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal for bravery shown as a gunner in an RAF Wellington bomber during the Battle of Heligoland Bight in 1939 when his aircraft was shot down. Minnie Driver was brought up in Barbados and was educated at Bedales and the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. Driver has English, Italian, Irish, Scottish, German and French ancestry. Acting career. Driver's television debut was in a 1991 UK TV advertisement for Right Guard deodorant. Driver also made her stage debut in 1991, supplementing her income by performing as a jazz vocalist and guitarist. She appeared on British television with comedians such as Steve Coogan and Armando Iannucci and had small parts in such shows as Casualty, The House of Eliott, Lovejoy, and Peak Practice. Driver first came to broad public attention when she played the lead role in Circle of Friends in 1995. She followed this with a string of supporting roles in big
Matura Matura or a similar term (Matur, Maturita, Maturità, Maturität, Mатура) is the common name for the high-school exit exam or maturity exam in various countries, including Albania, Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Montenegro, Poland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia and Switzerland, as well as among Ukrainian émigrés. It is taken by young adults (usually aged from 18 to 20) at the end of their secondary education, and generally must be passed in order to apply to a university or other institutions of higher education. Matura can be compared to A-Level exams. Names and equivalents. In the Czech Republic it is officially called maturitní zkouška, in Slovakia maturitná skúška, in Poland egzamin maturalny, in Austria Reifeprüfung (examination of maturity), but matura is used colloquially in these four countries. In Hungary, the same system is used, but it is called érettségi (vizsga) (examination of maturity), the equivalent of matura and in Israel it is called bagrut (Hebrew word for maturity). In Italy it used to be called esame di maturità and now esame di Stato. In Bulgaria, the official name is държавни зрелостни изпити (darzhavni zrelostni izpiti, state maturity examinations), but the name матура (matura) is almost always used instead. The exam is usually taken after 12 or 13 years of schooling. Each candidate who passes their final exams receives a document that contains their grades and which formally enables them to go to a university. In countries such as Austria and Slovenia, this
Geena Davis Virginia Elizabeth Geena Davis (born January 21, 1956) is an American actress, film producer, writer, former fashion model, and a women's Olympics archery team semi-finalist. She is known for her roles in Stuart Little, The Fly, Beetlejuice, Thelma & Louise, A League of Their Own, The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Accidental Tourist, for which she won the 1988 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 2005, she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama for her role in Commander in Chief. Early life. Davis was born in Wareham, Massachusetts. Her mother, Lucille (née Cook), was a teacher's assistant, and her father, William F. Davis, was a civil engineer and church deacon; her parents had both been from small towns in Vermont. She has a brother named Danforth (Dan). At an early age, she became interested in music. She learned piano and flute and played organ well enough as a teenager to serve as an organist at her Congregationalist church in Wareham. Davis attended Wareham High School and was an exchange student in Sandviken, Sweden, becoming fluent in Swedish. Enrolling at New England College, she eventually graduated with a bachelor's degree in drama from Boston University in 1979. Davis is a member of Mensa, a social organization whose members are in the top 2% of intelligence as measured by an IQ test entrance exam. Career. Following her education, Davis served as a window mannequin for Ann Taylor until signing with New York's
Zebulon Pike Zebulon Montgomery Pike (January 5, 1779 – April 27, 1813) was an American brigadier general and explorer for whom Pikes Peak in Colorado is named. As a United States Army captain in 1806–1807, he led the Pike Expedition to explore and document the southern portion of the Louisiana territory and to find the headwaters of the Red River, during which he recorded the discovery of what later was called Pikes Peak. Captured by the Spanish while wandering in present-day Colorado after his party got confused in its travels, Pike and his men were taken to Chihuahua, present-day Mexico and questioned by the governor. They were released later in 1807 at the border of Louisiana. In 1810 Pike published an account of his expeditions, a book so popular that it was translated into French, German and Dutch for publication in Europe. He later achieved the rank of brigadier general in the Army, serving during the War of 1812. He was killed during the Battle of York, which the United States won. Family. Pike was descended from John Pike, who immigrated from England as a child in 1635, and was a founder of Woodbridge, New Jersey in 1665. Later in his life, Zebulon Pike had a wife named Clarissa Harlow Brown and a child named Clarissa Brown Pike. Early life and education. Zebulon M. Pike was born during the Revolutionary War on January 5, 1779 near Lamberton (derived from the Indian pronunciation Alamatunk), now called Lamington, in Somerset county,
Aldo Leopold Aldo Leopold (January 11, 1887 – April 21, 1948) was an American author, scientist, ecologist, forester, and environmentalist. He was a professor at the University of Wisconsin and is best known for his book A Sand County Almanac (1949), which has sold more than two million copies. Leopold was influential in the development of modern environmental ethics and in the movement for wilderness conservation. His ethics of nature and wildlife preservation had a profound impact on the environmental movement, with his ecocentric or holistic ethics regarding land. He emphasized biodiversity and ecology and was a founder of the science of wildlife management. Early life. Rand Aldo Leopold was born in Burlington, Iowa, on January 11, 1887. His father, Carl Leopold, was a businessman; and his mother, born Clara Starker, was Carl's first cousin. Charles Starker, father of Clara and uncle of Carl, was a German immigrant, educated in engineering and architecture. Rand Aldo was named for two of Carl's business partners—C. W. Rand and Aldo Sommers—although the Rand was eventually dropped. The Leopold family included younger siblings Mary Luize, Carl Starker, and Frederic. Leopold's first language was German, although he mastered English at an early age. Aldo Leopold's early life was highlighted by the outdoors. Carl would take his children on excursions into the woods and taught his oldest son woodcraft and hunting. Aldo showed an aptitude for observation, spending hours counting and cataloging birds near his home. Mary would later say of her older brother, He
Ange-Félix Patassé Ange-Félix Patassé (January 25, 1937 – April 5, 2011) was a Central African politician who was President of the Central African Republic from 1993 until 2003, when he was deposed by the rebel leader François Bozizé. Patassé was the first president in the CAR's history (since 1960) to be chosen in what was generally regarded as a fairly democratic election (1993) in that it was brought about by donor pressure on the Kolingba regime and assisted by the United Nations Electoral Assistance Unit. He was chosen a second time in a fair election (1999) as well. However, during his first term in office (1993–1999), three military mutinies in 1996–1997 led to increasing conflict between so-called northerners (like Patassé) and southerners (like his predecessor President André Kolingba). Expatriate mediators and peacekeeping troops were brought in to negotiate peace accords between Patassé and the mutineers and to maintain law and order. During his second term as president, Patassé increasingly lost the support of many of his long-time allies as well as the French, who had intervened to support him during his first term in office. Patassé was ousted in March 2003 and went into exile in Togo. Background. Patassé was born in Paoua, the capital of the northwestern province of Ouham Pendé in the colony of Ubangi-Shari in French Equatorial Africa, and he belonged to the Sara-Kaba ethnic group which predominates in the region around Paoua. Patassé's father, Paul Ngakoutou, who had served in the Free French military forces
Lake Bonneville Lake Bonneville was a prehistoric pluvial lake that covered much of North America's Great Basin region. Most of the territory it covered was in present-day Utah, though parts of the lake extended into present-day Idaho and Nevada. Formed about 32,000 years ago, it existed until about 14,500 years ago, when a large portion of the lake was released through the Red Rock Pass in Idaho. Following the Bonneville Flood, as the release is now known, the lake receded to a level called the Provo Level. Many of the unique geological characteristics of the Great Basin are due to the effects of the lake. At more than deep and more than in area, the lake was nearly as large as Lake Michigan and significantly deeper. With the change in climate, the lake began drying up, leaving Great Salt Lake, Utah Lake, Sevier Lake, Rush Lake, and Little Salt Lake as remnants. Lake Bonneville was named by the geologist G. K. Gilbert after Benjamin Louis Eulalie de Bonneville (1796–1878), a French-born officer in the United States Army, who was also a fur trapper, and explorer in the American West. Bonneville was noted for his expeditions to the Oregon Country and the Great Basin. Geologic history. Like most, if not all, of the ice age pluvial lakes of the American West, Lake Bonneville was a result of the combination of lower temperatures, decreased evaporation, and higher precipitation that then prevailed in the region, perhaps because of a more southerly jet
Rule against perpetuities The common law rule against perpetuities forbids some future interests (traditionally contingent remainders and executory interests) that may not vest within the time permitted; the rule limit the testator's power to earmark gifts for remote descendants. In essence, the rule prevents a person from putting qualifications and criteria in his/her will that will continue to control or affect the distribution of assets long after he or she has died, a concept often referred to as control by the dead hand or mortmain. The rule is often stated as follows: “No interest is good unless it must vest, if at all, not later than twenty-one years after the death of some life in being at the creation of the interest.” For the purposes of the rule, a life is in being at conception. Although most discussions and analysis relating to the rule revolve around wills and trusts, the rule applies to any future dispositions of property, including options. When a part of a grant or will violates the rule, only that portion of the grant or devise is removed. All other parts that do not violate the rule are still valid. The perpetuities period under the common law rule is not a fixed term of years. By its terms, the rule limits the period to at the latest 21 years after the death of the last identifiable individual living at the time the interest was created (life in being). This measuring or validating life need not have
Great Basin The Great Basin is the largest area of contiguous endorheic watersheds in North America. It is noted for both its arid climate and the Basin and range topography that varies from the North American low point at Badwater Basin to the highest point of the contiguous United States, less than away at the summit of Mount Whitney. The region spans several physiographic divisions, biomes/ecoregions, and deserts. Geography. The Great Basin includes valleys, basins, lakes and mountain ranges of Basin and Range topography, with some in the phytogeographic Basin and Range Province. The Great Basin almost entirely contains the smaller Great Basin physiographic section, which extends about into the Colorado River watershed (including the Las Vegas metropolitan area and northwest corner of Arizona). Geographic features near the Great Basin include the Continental Divide of the Americas, the Great Divide Basin, and the Gulf of California. Settlements and roads. The Great Basin's two most populous metropolitan areas are Reno to the west and Salt Lake City to the east. The area between these two cities is sparsely populated, but includes the smaller cities of Delta, Elko, Ely, Tonopah, Wendover, West Wendover, and Winnemucca. The southern area of the basin has the communities of Palmdale, Victorville, and Palm Springs. Major roadways traversing the Great Basin include Interstate 80, Interstate 15, U.S. Route 6, U.S. Route 50, U.S. Route 93, U.S. Route 95 and U.S. Route 395, with the Nevada section of U.S. Route 50 nicknamed The Loneliest Road in America.
Jim Bridger James Felix Jim Bridger (March 17, 1804 – July 17, 1881) was among the foremost mountain men, trappers, scouts and guides who explored and trapped the Western United States during the decades of 1820-1850, as well as mediating between native tribes and encroaching whites. He was of English ancestry, and his family had been in North America since the early colonial period. Jim Bridger had a strong constitution that allowed him to survive the extreme conditions he encountered walking the Rocky Mountains from what would become southern Colorado to the Canadian border. He had conversational knowledge of French, Spanish and several native languages. He would come to know many of the major figures of the early west, including Brigham Young, Kit Carson, George Armstrong Custer, John Fremont, Joseph Meek, and John Sutter. Career. Bridger was born in Richmond, Virginia. He began his colorful career in 1822 at the age of 18, as a member of General William Ashley's Upper Missouri Expedition and had a significant role in the ordeal of Hugh Glass. He was among the first white men to see the geysers and other natural wonders of the Yellowstone region. In the winter of 1824-1825, Bridger gained fame as the first European American to see the Great Salt Lake (though some now dispute that status in favor of Étienne Provost), which he reached traveling in a bull boat. Due to its salinity, he believed it to be an arm of the Pacific Ocean. In 1830, Jim
Anna Jarvis Anna Marie Jarvis (May 1, 1864, Webster, West Virginia – November 24, 1948, West Chester, Pennsylvania) is the founder of the Mother's Day holiday in the United States. Biography. Anna Jarvis was born in the tiny town of Webster, West Virginia. Her birthplace, known as the Anna Jarvis house, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. She was the daughter of Ann Maria Reeves Jarvis. The family moved to nearby Grafton, West Virginia in her childhood. She graduated from Augusta Female Seminary, now Mary Baldwin College in 1883. Anna's mother Ann Jarvis had founded Mothers' Day Work Clubs in five cities to improve sanitary and health conditions. The Mothers' Day Work Clubs also treated wounds, fed, and clothed both Union and Confederate soldiers with neutrality. On May 12, 1907, two years after her mother's death, Anna held a memorial to her mother and thereafter embarked upon a campaign to make Mother's Day a recognized holiday. She succeeded in making this nationally recognized in 1914. The International Mother's Day Shrine was established in Grafton to commemorate her accomplishment. By the 1920s, Anna Jarvis had become soured by the commercialization of the holiday. She incorporated herself as the Mother’s Day International Association, trademarked the phrases second Sunday in May and Mother's Day, and was once arrested for disturbing the peace. She and her sister Ellsinore spent their family inheritance campaigning against what the holiday had become. Both died in poverty. According to her New York
Fort Bridger Fort Bridger was originally a 19th-century fur trading outpost established in 1842 on Blacks Fork of the Green River and later a vital resupply point for wagon trains on the Oregon Trail, California Trail and Mormon Trail. The Army established a military post here in 1858 during the Utah War until it was finally closed in 1890. A small town, Fort Bridger, Wyoming, remains near the fort and takes its name from it. Bridger's Trading Post. The post was established by the mountain man Jim Bridger, after whom it is named, and Louis Vasquez. Mormons and Fort Supply. With the arrival of the Mormon pioneers in 1847, disputes arose between Bridger and the new settlers. By 1853, a militia of Mormons was sent to arrest him for selling alcohol and firearms to the Native Americans, a violation of Federal Law. He escaped capture, temporarily returning to the East. Near the existing fort, the Mormons established their own Fort Supply the same year. In 1855, Mormons took over Fort Bridger, reportedly buying it from Bridger for $8,000 in gold coins. The Mormons claimed, over Bridger's denials, they had purchased the fort from Vasquez. There was a deed dated August 3, 1855, recorded October 21, 1858, in Salt Lake City in Records Book B. p. 128 that ostensibly sold Fort Bridger to the LDS Church. Bridger and Vasquez's name was signed by H. F. Morrell in the presence of Alinerin Grow and William Adams Hickman, purportedly pursuant to a
John Wanamaker John Wanamaker (July 11, 1838 – December 12, 1922) was a United States merchant, religious leader, civic and political figure, considered by some to be the father of modern advertising and a pioneer in marketing. Wanamaker was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Biography. Wanamaker was born on July 11, 1838, in a then-rural, unincorporated area that would in time come to be known as the Grays Ferry neighborhood of South Philadelphia. His parents were John Nelson Wanamaker, a brickmaker and a native of Kingwood, New Jersey, and Elizabeth Deshong Kochersperger, of a wealthy merchant family from Alsace. He opened his first store in 1861, called Oak Hall, at Sixth and Market Streets in Philadelphia, adjacent to the site of George Washington's Presidential home. Oak Hall grew substantially based on Wanamaker's then-revolutionary principle: One price and goods returnable. In 1869, he opened his second store at 818 Chestnut Street and capitalizing on his own name (due the untimely death of his brother-in-law), and growing reputation, renamed the company John Wanamaker & Co. In 1875 he purchased an abandoned railroad depot and converted it into a large store, called John Wanamaker & Co. The Grand Depot. Wanamaker's is considered the first department store in Philadelphia. In 1860 John Wanamaker married Mary Erringer Brown (1839–1920). They had six children (two of them died in childhood): John Wanamaker's son Thomas B. Wanamaker, who specialized in store financial matters, purchased a Philadelphia newspaper called The North American in 1899 and irritated his father
Built environment The term built environment refers to the human-made surroundings that provide the setting for human activity, ranging in scale from buildings and parks or green space to neighborhoods and cities that can often include their supporting infrastructure, such as water supply, or energy networks. The built environment is a material, spatial and cultural product of human labor that combines physical elements and energy in forms for living, working and playing. It has been defined as “the human-made space in which people live, work, and recreate on a day-to-day basis”. The “built environment encompasses places and spaces created or modified by people including buildings, parks, and transportation systems”. In recent years, public health research has expanded the definition of built environment to include healthy food access, community gardens, “walkabilty, and “bikability”. History. Early concepts of built environment were introduced thousands of years ago. Hippodamus of Miletos, known as the “father of urban planning”, developed Greek cities from 498 BC to 408 BC that created order by using grid plans that mapped the city. These early city plans eventually gave way to the City Beautiful movement in the late 1800s and early 1900s, inspired by Daniel Hudson Burnham, a reformist for the Progressivism movement who actively promoted “a reform of the landscape in tandem with political change”. The effort was in partnership with others who believed that beautifying American cities would improve the moral compass of the cities and encourage the upper class to spend their money in cities.
Possum Bourne Peter Raymond George Possum Bourne (13 April 1956 – 30 April 2003) was a champion New Zealand rally car driver. He died under non-competitive circumstances while driving on a public road that was to be the track for an upcoming race. Awards. He was a three time winner of the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship and the Australian Rally Championship seven times consecutively, amongst many other titles. Family. Bourne lived in Pukekohe, Auckland, near his workshop. He lived with his wife, Peggy Bourne, and three children, Taylor, Spencer, and Jazlin. Bourne earned his nickname, Possum, the night he crashed his mother's Humber 80, while trying to avoid a possum in the middle of the road. His autobiography, Bourne to Rally was completed just days before his death. A bronze memorial statue of Possum, unveiled a year after his death, standed overlooking the event he loved the most. The statue was moved to Pukekohe town square in April 2013, unveiled alongside the 2013 ITM 400 V8 Championship parade. In 2005, Peggy Bourne entered Race to the Sky, despite having had no formal rally driving experience, as a tribute to her late husband. Car of choice. Bourne was best known for his exploits behind the wheel of Subaru cars, initially the RX (the turbocharged version of the Leone), then the Legacy (rebadged as the Liberty for the Australian market because of a perceived clash with charity organisation Legacy Australia). But it would be the Impreza WRX that he would become most
Cyrus Teed Cyrus Reed Teed (October 18, 1839 - December 22, 1908, erroneously Cyrus Tweed) was a U.S. eclectic physician and alchemist turned religious leader and messiah. In 1869, claiming divine inspiration, Dr. Teed took on the name Koresh and proposed a new set of scientific and religious ideas he called Koreshanity, including a unique Hollow Earth theory that posits the Earth and sky exist inside the inner surface of a sphere. In the 1870s, he founded in New York the Koreshan Unity, a commune based around his teachings that moved in 1894 to the small Florida town of Estero. After a peak at 250 residents in 1903–1908, the group went into decline after his death and disappeared in 1961, leaving the Koreshan State Historic Site behind. Biography. As a young physician, Teed was always interested in unconventional experiments, such as alchemy, often involving dangerously high levels of electricity. In the autumn of 1869, during an experiment he was badly shocked, and passed out. During his period of unconsciousness, Teed believed he was visited by a divine spirit who told him that he was the messiah. Inspired, once he awoke Teed vowed to apply his scientific knowledge to redeem humanity. He promptly changed his first name to Koresh, the Hebrew word for Cyrus. He denounced the idea that the Earth revolved around the sun and instead pioneered his own theory of the Universe, known as the Cellular Cosmogony. According to this theory, human beings live on the inside of
City council A city council, town council, town board or board of aldermen is the legislative body that governs a city, town, municipality or local government area. Australia & New Zealand. Because of the differences in legislation between the States, the exact definition of a City Council varies. However, it is generally only those local government areas which have been specifically granted city status (usually on a basis of population) that are entitled to refer to themselves as cities. The official title is Corporation of the City of ------ or similar. Some of the larger urban areas of Australia are governed mostly by a single entity (see Brisbane and other Queensland cities), while others maybe controlled by a multitude of much smaller city councils. Also some significant urban areas can be under the jurisdiction of otherwise rural local governments. Periodic re-alignments of boundaries attempt to rationalize these situations and adjust the deployment of assets and resources. Local councils in New Zealand do vary in structure, but are overseen by the government department Local Government New Zealand. For many decades until the local government reforms of 1989, a borough with more than 20,000 people could be proclaimed a city. The boundaries of councils tended to follow the edge of the built-up area, so little distinction was made between the urban area and the local government area. New Zealand’s local government structural arrangements were significantly reformed by the Local Government Commission in 1989 when approximately 700 councils and special purpose bodies
Hillside Strangler The Hillside Strangler is the media epithet for two men, Kenneth Bianchi and Angelo Buono, who were convicted of kidnapping, raping, torturing, and killing girls and women ranging in age from 12 to 28 years old during a four-month period from late 1977 to early 1978. They committed their crimes in the hills above Los Angeles, California. Murders. The first victim of the Hillside Strangler was a Hollywood prostitute, Yolanda Washington, whose body was found near the Forest Lawn Cemetery on October 18, 1977. The corpse was cleaned and faint marks were visible around the neck, wrists, and ankles where a rope had been used. It was discovered that the victim had been raped. On November 1, 1977, police were called to a La Crescenta neighborhood, north east of downtown Los Angeles, where the body of a teenage girl was found naked, face up on a parkway in a residential area. The then homeowner covered her with a tarp to prevent the neighborhood children from viewing her on their way to school. Bruises on her neck indicated strangulation. The body had been dumped, indicating she was killed elsewhere. The girl was eventually identified as Judith Lynn Miller, a runaway prostitute who was barely 15 years old. This event caused the homeowner to relocate his family out of state for their protection. The coroner's report further detailed her being bound much like the first victim, Yolanda Washington. Five days later, on November 6, 1977, the nude body of
Speech from the throne A speech from the throne (or throne speech) is an event in certain monarchies in which the reigning sovereign (or a representative) reads a prepared speech to members of parliament, outlining the government's agenda for the coming session. This event is often held annually, although in some places it may occur more or less frequently whenever a new session of parliament is opened. Many republics have adopted a similar practice with their head of state, often a president, addressing their legislature (for example, in the United States, the president makes an annual State of the Union address). Historically, when monarchs exercised personal power in government, a speech from the throne was used to outline the policies and objectives of the monarch - as such the speech was usually prepared by the monarch's advisers, with the monarch (or regent in case of a regency) supervising the drafting of the speech to at least some extent and in any case always having the absolute final discretion as to its content. In constitutional monarchies today, whether by law or by convention, the head of state (or representative thereof) reads the speech from the throne, but it is prepared by the ministers of the crown in cabinet, even though the reader may refer to my government. The address not only reports on the condition of the nation but also allows the monarch (or his or her representative) to outline the legislative agenda, for which the cooperation of parliament is
William Orbit William Orbit (born William Mark Wainwright, 15 December 1956) is an English musician, composer and record producer. In the early 1980s he formed synthpop act Torch Song with Laurie Mayer and Grant Gilbert. In 1987 he released the first of his Strange Cargo album series, containing ambient music. Towards the end of the 1990s Orbit started to work with bigger name artists, producing songs on Ray of Light and Music by Madonna, 13 and Think Tank by Blur and Saints and Sinners by All Saints. His work with Madonna led him to win three Grammys. He worked again with Madonna on her 2012 album MDNA producing six songs. Biography. 1956–1980: Early life & first work. William Orbit was born William Wainwright in London's East End in 1956. His mother, of Italian and Swedish descent, and his father, from Yorkshire, were both schoolteachers. He does not have a formal education, having left school at 15 and being entirely self-taught. Aged 16, and living in a squat in Norwich and working as a strawberry picker in the summer, he started to devote himself to guitar playing. Living in squats around Europe and working at various jobs, hotel kitchen worker, motorbike messenger, at a ladies shoes factory, as an accounts clerk (in the days before computers), a night shift worker at the old Heineken Brewery in Amsterdam, junior draftsman at a North Sea oil rig design company (he was 'creative' with his CV') and so on. In these early years
He He (, unstressed ) is a third-person, singular personal pronoun (subjective case) in Modern English, as well as being a personal pronoun in Middle English. Usage. People. He can be used as a substitution of a male's name. Animals. He and she are often used to refer to domesticated animals and sometimes non-domesticated animals of the respective sex. Gender neutral. A study has shown that there was a rather extended period of time in the history of the English language when the choice of a supposedly masculine personal pronoun (him) said nothing about the gender or sex of the referent. The use of he to refer to a person of unknown gender was often prescribed by manuals of style and school textbooks from the early 18th century until around the 1960s, an early example of which is Anne Fisher's 1745 grammar book A New Grammar. This may be compared to usage of the word man to humans in general. Gender-specific pronouns were also prescribed when one might presume that most members of some group are the same gender (although in recent times, such presumptions are sometimes seen as offensive). In recent years, the use of he, him or his as gender-neutral pronouns is often discouraged. Other. The pronoun He, with a universally capitalized H, is often used to refer to the Supreme Being, or in Christian contexts, to Jesus Christ; It, with a capitalized I, is also used when speaking of the Supreme Being's nature or Godhead, or
Ashikaga Yoshiaki The absence of an effective central authority in the capital of Japan had lasted until the warlord Oda Nobunaga's armies entered Kyoto in 1568, re-establishing the Muromachi Shogunate under the puppet shogun Ashikaga Yoshiaki to begin the Azuchi-Momoyama period. Ashikaga Yoshihide, the fourteenth shogun, was deposed without ever entering the capital. Most historians consider 1573 to have been the year in which the Ashikaga shogunate ended. The power of the Ashikaga was effectively destroyed on August 27, 1573 when Oda Nobunaga drove Yoshiaki out of Kyoto. Yoshiaki became a Buddhist monk, shaving his head and taking the name Sho-san, which he later changed to Rei-o In. Some note that Yoshiaki did not formally relinquish his empty title; and for this reason, the empty shell of the shogunate could be said to have continued for several more years. Despite a renewed central authority in Kyoto and Nobunaga's attempt to unify the country, the struggle for power among warring states continued until unification and final peace was achieved long after his assassination in 1582. Events of Yoshiaki's bakufu. Significant events shape the period during which Yoshiaki was shogun: Eras of Yoshiaki's bakufu. The span of years in which Yoshiaki was shogun are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengō.  
16th United States Congress The Sixteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1819 to March 4, 1821, during the third and fourth years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority. Party summary. The count below identifies party affiliations at the beginning of the first session of this congress. Changes resulting from subsequent replacements are shown below in the Changes in membership section. Senate. During this congress, two Senate seats were added for each of the new states of Alabama and Maine. House of Representatives. During this congress, one House seat was added for the new state of Alabama and one seat was reapportioned from Massachusetts to the new state of Maine. For the beginning of the next congress, six more seats from Massachusetts would be reapportioned to Maine. Members. This list is arranged by chamber, then by state. Senators are listed in order of seniority, and Representatives are listed by district. Senate. Senators were elected by the state legislatures every two years, with one-third beginning new six year terms with each Congress. Preceding the names in the list below are Senate class numbers, which indicate the cycle of their election. In this Congress, Class
Land of Nod The Land of Nod (, ארץ נוד) is a place in the Book of Genesis of the Hebrew Bible, located on the east of Eden (qidmat-‘Eden), where Cain was exiled by God after Cain had murdered his brother Abel. According to Genesis 4:16: Nod (נוד) is the Hebrew root of the verb to wander (לנדוד). Therefore to dwell in the land of Nod is usually taken to mean that one takes up a wandering life. Genesis 4:17 relates that after arriving in the Land of Nod, Cain's wife bore him a son, Enoch, in whose name he built the first city. Places named Land of Nod. Land of Nod is the name of a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is located at the far end of a two-mile-long road which joins the A614 road at Holme-on-Spalding-Moor. Popular culture references. One of American writer John Steinbeck's most famous novels is East of Eden. The betrayal of a brother is one of its central themes. The Land of Nod also refers to the mythical land of sleep, a pun on Land of Nod (Gen. 4:16). To “go off to the land of Nod” plays with the phrase to “nod off”, meaning to go to sleep. The first recorded use of the phrase to mean sleep comes from Jonathan Swift in his Complete Collection of Polite and Ingenious Conversation (1737) and Gulliver's Travels. A later instance of this usage appears in the poem The
Walker Evans Walker Evans (November 3, 1903 – April 10, 1975) was an American photographer best known for his work for the Farm Security Administration (FSA) documenting the effects of the Great Depression. Much of Evans's work from the FSA period uses the large-format, 8x10-inch camera. He said that his goal as a photographer was to make pictures that are literate, authoritative, transcendent. Many of his works are in the permanent collections of museums and have been the subject of retrospectives at such institutions as The Metropolitan Museum of Art or George Eastman House. Biography. Early life. Born in St. Louis, Missouri, to Jessie (née Crane) and Walker, Walker Evans came from an affluent family. His father was an advertising director. He spent his youth in Toledo, Chicago, and New York City. He graduated from Phillips Academy, in Andover, Massachusetts, 1922. He studied French literature for a year at Williams College, spending much of his time in the school's library, before dropping out. After spending a year in Paris in 1926, he returned to the United States to join the edgy literary and art crowd in New York City. John Cheever, Hart Crane, and Lincoln Kirstein were among his friends. He was a clerk for a stockbroker firm in Wall street from 1927 to 1929. Evans took up photography in 1928 around the time he was living in Ossining, New York. In 1930, he published three photographs (Brooklyn Bridge) in the poetry book The Bridge by Hart Crane. In
Radio Data System Radio Data System, or RDS, is a communications protocol standard for embedding small amounts of digital information in conventional FM radio broadcasts. RDS standardizes several types of information transmitted, including time, station identification and programme information. The standard began as a project of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), but has since become an international standard of the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). Radio Broadcast Data System (RBDS) is the official name used for the U.S. version of RDS. The two standards are only slightly different. Both carry data at 1,187.5 bits per second on a 57 kHz subcarrier, so there are exactly 48 cycles of subcarrier during every data bit. The RBDS/RDS subcarrier was set to the third harmonic of the 19 kHz FM stereo pilot tone to minimize interference and intermodulation between the data signal, the stereo pilot and the 38 kHz DSB-SC stereo difference signal. (The stereo difference signal extends up to 38 kHz + 15 kHz = 53 kHz, leaving 4 kHz for the lower sideband of the RDS signal.) The data is sent with error correction. RDS defines many features including how private (in-house) or other undefined features can be packaged in unused program groups. Development. RDS was inspired by the development of the Autofahrer-Rundfunk-Informationssystem (ARI) in Germany by the Institut für Rundfunktechnik (IRT) and the radio manufacturer Blaupunkt. ARI used a 57 kHz subcarrier to indicate the presence of traffic information in an FM radio broadcast. The EBU Technical Committee launched a
Fuze Beverage Fuze Beverage, commercially referred to as simply Fuze (pronunciation: fu-zee), is a manufacturer of teas and non-carbonated fruit drinks enriched with vitamins. Currently the brand consists of five vitamin-infused lines: Slenderize, Refresh, Tea, Defensify, and Vitalize. The use of vitamins, amino acids, and herbs, and alternative sweeteners such as crystalline fructose places Fuze products in what is known in the industry as the new age beverage category. Company history. Fuze Beverage was founded by Lance Collins and creative director Paula Grant in the basement of Collins' Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey home in 2000. The brand was first launched in the Northern California market in 2001 with three flavors packaged in fruit-themed bottles: mixed berry, banana colada and cranberry raspberry. In 2002 the brand launched two additional flavors, peach mango and tropical punch; the same year, the company grew to 30 employees and moved out of Collins' basement. The company continued to expand rapidly, launching new flavors throughout 2004 and 2005. Since 2005, Fuze products may be found in most major retailers, with sales exceeding 11 million cases by 2006. The company's growth attracted the attention of The Coca-Cola Company, which purchased Fuze Beverage in February 2007 for an estimated $250 million. Coke also gained the rights to NOS Energy Drinks and WaterPlus as part of the purchase. It was one of Coke's largest acquisitions since it bought Odwalla Inc. for $186 million in 2001. The move was seen as a strategic effort to expand the company's portfolio
Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya (, Catalan Government Railways), or FGC, is a railway company which operates several unconnected lines in Catalonia, Spain. The lines operated include metro and commuter lines in and around the city of Barcelona, tourist operated mountain railways, and rural railway lines. They include of 600mm gauge route, of metre gauge route, of standard gauge route, and of broad gauge route, making the FGC one of the few railway companies to operate on four different gauges. Whilst most lines are conventional adhesion railways, the FGC also operates two rack railways and four funicular railways. History. FGC was founded on September 5, 1979 to manage lines whose ownership was transferred from the state-owned FEVE to the Generalitat of Catalonia in 1978 as part of the process of regional devolution under the Spanish Constitution of 1978. Its oldest line, the standard gauge Línia Barcelona-Vallès however dates back to 1863 which was built and operated by Companyia del Ferrocarril de Barcelona a Sarrià from 1863 until 1874, and Ferrocarril de Sarrià a Barcelona (FSB) (with Ferrocarrils de Catalunya (FCC)) from 1874 until financial difficulties forced FSB and FCC to be acquired by FEVE in 1977, which operated it until FGC took over the line in 1979. The second oldest line the Línia Llobregat-Anoia was opened in 1892 as an interurban tram using metre gauge tracks, which was taken over by the Companyia General dels Ferrocarrils Catalans (CGFC) in 1912 and transformed
Proximity fuze A proximity fuze is a fuze that detonates an explosive device automatically when the distance to the target becomes smaller than a predetermined value, or when the fuze and the target pass by each other. Various kinds of proximity fuzes are designed for various targets such as planes, missiles, ships at sea and ground forces. They provide a more sophisticated trigger mechanism than the common contact fuze. The proximity fuze is considered one of the most important technological innovations of World War II. One of the first practical proximity fuzes was codenamed the VT fuze, an acronym of Variable Time fuze, as deliberate camouflage for its operating principle. The VT fuze concept in the context of artillery shells originated in the UK with British researchers (particularly Sir Samuel Curran and W. A. S. Butement, whose schematic design for a radar proximity fuze was used with only minor variations) and was developed under the direction of physicist Merle A. Tuve at The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab (APL). The Germans were supposedly also working on proximity fuses in the 1930s, research and prototype work at Rheinmetall being halted in 1940 to devote available resources to projects deemed more necessary. History. Before the fuze's invention, detonation had to be induced either by direct contact, or a timer set at launch, or an altimeter. All of these have disadvantages. The probability of a direct hit with a relatively small moving target is low; to set a time- or height-triggered
Juche The Juche Idea, sometimes spelled Chuch'e (; ), is a political thesis formed by Kim Il-sung that states that the north Korean masses are the masters of the country's development. From the 1950s to the 1970s, Kim and other party theorists such as Hwang Jang-yop elaborated the Juche Idea into a set of principles that the North Korea government uses to justify its policy decisions. Among these are a strong military posture and reliance on Korean national resources. The name comes from juche, sometimes translated in North Korean sources as independent stand or spirit of self-reliance. It has also been interpreted as always putting Korean things first. According to Kim Il-sung, the Juche Idea is based on the belief that man is the master of everything and decides everything. Origin. The first known reference to Juche as a North Korean ideology was an anti-Soviet speech given by Kim Il-sung on December 28, 1955. Titled On Eliminating Dogmatism and Formalism and Establishing Juche in Ideological Work, it was given to promote a political purge similar to the earlier Yan'an Rectification Movement in China. The process for the development of Juche followed a process similar to China's development of Zili Gengsheng, in that both came from a doubt in the benefits of being in the Soviet orbit, and that both ideologies stimulated a turn towards the Third World in foreign policy. Hwang Jang-yeop, Kim's top adviser on ideology, discovered Kim's 1955 speech at the time when Kim, after having established
Matroska The Matroska Multimedia Container is an open standard free container format, a file format that can hold an unlimited number of video, audio, picture, or subtitle tracks in one file. It is intended to serve as a universal format for storing common multimedia content, like movies or TV shows. Matroska is similar in concept to other containers like AVI, MP4, or Advanced Systems Format (ASF), but is entirely open in specification, with implementations consisting mostly of open source software. Matroska file extensions are .MKV for video (with subtitles and audio), .MK3D for stereoscopic video, .MKA for audio-only files, and .MKS for subtitles only. The name Matroska is derived from the Russian word Matryoshka ( ), which means nesting doll (the common Russian cylindrical-shaped doll within a doll). This is a play on the container (media within a form of media/doll within a doll) aspect of the matryoshka as it is a container for visual and audio data. The loose transliteration may be confusing to Russian speakers, as the Russian word matroska () actually refers to a sailor suit. (The logo, however, uses Matroška.) History. The project was announced on 6 December 2002 as a fork of the Multimedia Container Format (MCF), after disagreements between MCF lead developer Lasse Kärkkäinen and soon-to-be Matroska founder Steve Lhomme about the use of the Extensible Binary Meta Language (EBML) instead of a binary format. This coincided with a long coding break by the MCF's lead developer, during which most of the community
San Fermín The festival of San Fermín (or Sanfermines, ) in the city of Pamplona (Navarre, Spain), is a deeply rooted celebration held annually from 12:00, 6 July, when the opening of the party is marked by setting off the pyrotechnic chupinazo, to midnight 14 July, with the singing of the Pobre de Mí. While its most famous event is the encierro, or the running of the bulls, which happens at 8:00 am from July 7th to July 14th, the week long celebration involves many other traditional and folkloric events. It is known locally as Sanfermines and is held in honor of Saint Fermin, the co-patron of Navarre. Its events were central to the plot of The Sun Also Rises, by Ernest Hemingway, which brought it to the general attention of English-speaking people. It has become probably the most internationally renowned fiesta in Spain. Over 1,000,000 people come to participate in this festival. History. Saint Fermin. Fermin is said to have been the son of a Roman of senatorial rank in Pamplona in the 3rd century, who was converted to Christianity by Saint Honestus, a disciple of Saint Saturninus. According to tradition, he was baptised by Saturninus (in Navarre also known as Saint Cernin) at the spot now known as the Small Well of Saint Cernin Fermin was ordained a priest in Toulouse and returned to Pamplona as its first bishop. On a later preaching voyage, Fermin was beheaded in Amiens, France; and is now considered a martyr in
Windows Media Video ' Windows Media Video (WMV) is a video compression format for several proprietary codecs developed by Microsoft. The original video format, known as WMV, was originally designed for Internet streaming applications, as a competitor to RealVideo. The other formats, such as WMV Screen and WMV Image, cater for specialized content. Through standardization from the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE), WMV 9 has gained adoption for physical-delivery formats such as HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc. History. In 2003, Microsoft drafted a video codec specification based on its WMV 9 codec and submitted it to SMPTE for standardization. The standard was officially approved in March 2006 as SMPTE 421M, better known as VC-1, thus making the WMV 9 format an open standard. Since then, VC-1 has become one of the three allowable video formats for the Blu-ray format, along with H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 and H.264. Container format. A WMV file is in most circumstances encapsulated in the Advanced Systems Format (ASF) container format. The file extension .WMV typically describes ASF files that use Windows Media Video codecs. The audio codec used in conjunction with Windows Media Video is typically some version of Windows Media Audio, or in rarer cases, the deprecated Sipro ACELP.net audio codec. Microsoft recommends that ASF files containing non-Windows Media codecs use the generic .ASF file extension. The ASF container can optionally support digital rights management using a combination of elliptic curve cryptography key exchange, DES block cipher, a custom block cipher,
Gymnotiformes The Gymnotiformes are a group of teleost bony fishes commonly known as the Neotropical or South American knifefishes. They have long bodies and swim using undulations of their elongated anal fin. Found exclusively in fresh water, these mostly nocturnal fishes are capable of producing electric fields for navigation, communication, and, in the case of the electric eel (Electrophorus electricus), attack and defense. A few species are familiar to the aquarium trade, such as the black ghost knifefish (Apteronotus albifrons), the glass knifefish (Eigenmannia virescens), and the banded knifefish (Gymnotus carapo). Description. Aside from the electric eel (Electrophorus electricus), Gymnotiformes are slender fish with narrow bodies and tapering tails, hence the common name of knifefishes. They have neither pelvic fins nor dorsal fins, but do possess greatly elongated anal fins that stretch along almost the entire underside of their bodies. The fish swim by rippling this fin, keeping their bodies rigid. This means of propulsion allows them to move backwards as easily as they move forward. The caudal fin is absent, or in the apteronotids, greatly reduced. The gill opening is restricted. The anal opening is under the head or the pectoral fins. These fish possess electric organs that allow them to produce electricity. In most gymnotiforms, the electric organs are derived from muscle cells. However, adult apteronotids are one exception, as theirs are derived from nerve cells (spinal electromotor neurons). In gymnotiforms, the electric organ discharge may be continuous or pulsed. If continuous, it is generated day and
Personality rights The right of publicity, often called personality rights, is the right of an individual to control the commercial use of his or her name, image, likeness, or other unequivocal aspects of one's identity. It is generally considered a property right as opposed to a personal right, and as such, the validity of the Right of Publicity can survive the death of the individual (to varying degrees depending on the jurisdiction). Personality rights are generally considered to consist of two types of rights: the right of publicity, or to keep one's image and likeness from being commercially exploited without permission or contractual compensation, which is similar to the use of a trademark; and the right to privacy, or the right to be left alone and not have one's personality represented publicly without permission. In common law jurisdictions, publicity rights fall into the realm of the tort of passing off. United States jurisprudence has substantially extended this right. A commonly cited justification for this doctrine, from a policy standpoint, is the notion of natural rights and the idea that every individual should have a right to control how, if at all, his or her persona is commercialized by third parties. Usually, the motivation to engage in such commercialization is to help propel sales or visibility for a product or service, which usually amounts to some form of commercial speech (which in turn receives the lowest level of judicial scrutiny). The world's only registrable personality and image rights legislation was
Industrial design right An industrial design right is an intellectual property right that protects the visual design of objects that are not purely utilitarian. An industrial design consists of the creation of a shape, configuration or composition of pattern or color, or combination of pattern and color in three dimensional form containing aesthetic value. An industrial design can be a two- or three-dimensional pattern used to produce a product, industrial commodity or handicraft. Under the Hague Agreement Concerning the International Deposit of Industrial Designs, a WIPO-administered treaty, a procedure for an international registration exists. An applicant can file for a single international deposit with WIPO or with the national office in a country party to the treaty. The design will then be protected in as many member countries of the treaty as desired. Design rights started in the United Kingdom in 1787 with the Designing and Printing of Linen Act and have expanded from there. An industrial design right can be viewed as a sui generis intellectual property right similar to copyright. Legislations. Kenya. According to industrial property Act 2001, an industrial design is defined as any composition of lines or colours or any three dimensional form whether or not associated with lines or colours, provided that such composition or form gives a special appearance to a product of industry or handicraft and can serve as pattern for a product of industry or handicraft . An industrial design is registrable if it is new. An industrial design is deemed
Henry Raeburn Sir Henry Raeburn FRSE RSA (4 March 1756 – 8 July 1823) was a Scottish portrait painter and Scotland's first significant portrait painter since the Union to remain based in Scotland. He served as Portrait Painter to His Majesty in Scotland. Biography. Raeburn was born the son of a manufacturer in Stockbridge, a former village now within the city of Edinburgh. Orphaned, he was supported by his older brother and placed in Heriot's Hospital, where he received an education. At the age of fifteen he was apprenticed to a goldsmith, and various pieces of jewellery, mourning rings and the like, adorned with minute drawings on ivory by his hand, still exist. Soon he took to the production of carefully finished portrait miniatures; meeting with success and patronage, he extended his practice to oil painting, at which he was self-taught. The goldsmith watched the progress of his pupil with interest, and introduced him to David Martin, who had been the favourite assistant of Allan Ramsay the Latter, and was now the leading portrait painter in Edinburgh. Raeburn was especially aided by the loan of portraits to copy. Soon he had gained sufficient skill to make him decide to devote himself exclusively to painting. In his early twenties, he was asked to paint the portrait of a young lady whom he had previously observed and admired when he was sketching from nature in the fields. Anne was the daughter of Peter Edgar of Bridgelands, and widow of Count Leslie.
Pompeo Batoni Pompeo Girolamo Batoni (25 January 1708 – 4 February 1787) was an Italian painter whose style incorporated elements of the French Rococo, Bolognese classicism, and nascent Neoclassicism. Batoni aimed at overcoming the excesses and frivolities of the Rococo by taking inspiration in classical antiquity and in the work of artists such as Nicolas Poussin, and especially Raphael. As such he was a precursor of Neoclassicism. Biography. He was born in Lucca, the son of a goldsmith, Paolino Batoni. He moved to Rome in 1727, and apprenticed with Agostino Masucci, Sebastiano Conca and/or Francesco Imperiali (1679–1740). Batoni owed his first independent commission to the rains that struck Rome in April 1732. Seeking shelter from a sudden storm, Forte Gabrielli di Gubbio, count of Baccaresca took cover under the portico of the Palazzo dei Conservatori on the Capitoline Hill. Here the nobleman met the young artist who was drawing the ancient bas-reliefs and the paintings of the staircase of the palace. Impressed by his skill and the purity of the design, Gabrielli asked Batoni to see some of his works, and when conducted to the painter's studio he was so awed by his talent that he offered him to paint a new altarpiece for the chapel of his family in San Gregorio Magno al Celio, the Madonna on a Throne with child and four Saints and Blesseds of the Gabrielli family (1732–33). The Gabrielli Madonna obtained general admiration and by the early 1740s Batoni started to receive other independent
Petri net A Petri net (also known as a place/transition net or P/T net) is one of several mathematical modeling languages for the description of distributed systems. A Petri net is a directed bipartite graph, in which the nodes represent transitions (i.e. events that may occur, signified by bars) and places (i.e. conditions, signified by circles). The directed arcs describe which places are pre- and/or postconditions for which transitions (signified by arrows) occurs. Some sources state that Petri nets were invented in August 1939 by Carl Adam Petri — at the age of 13 — for the purpose of describing chemical processes. Like industry standards such as UML activity diagrams, BPMN and EPCs, Petri nets offer a graphical notation for stepwise processes that include choice, iteration, and concurrent execution. Unlike these standards, Petri nets have an exact mathematical definition of their execution semantics, with a well-developed mathematical theory for process analysis. Petri net basics. A Petri net consists of places, transitions, and arcs. Arcs run from a place to a transition or vice versa, never between places or between transitions. The places from which an arc runs to a transition are called the input places of the transition; the places to which arcs run from a transition are called the output places of the transition. Graphically, places in a Petri net may contain a discrete number of marks called tokens. Any distribution of tokens over the places will represent a configuration of the net called a marking. In an
William Ernest Henley William Ernest Henley (23 August 1849 – 11 July 1903) was an English poet, critic and editor, best remembered for his 1875 poem Invictus. Life and career. Henley was born in Gloucester and was the oldest of a family of six children, five sons and a daughter. His father, William, a bookseller and stationer, died in 1868 and was survived by young children and creditors. His mother, Mary Morgan, was descended from the poet and critic Joseph Wharton. Between 1861 and 1867, Henley was a pupil at the Crypt Grammar School (founded 1539). A commission had recently attempted to revive the school by securing as headmaster the brilliant and academically distinguished T. E. Brown (1830–1897). Though Brown's tenure was relatively brief (c.1857–63), he was a revelation to Henley because the poet was a man of genius—the first I'd ever seen. Brown and Henley began a lifelong friendship, and Henley wrote an admiring obituary to Brown in the New Review (December 1897): He was singularly kind to me at a moment when I needed kindness even more than I needed encouragement. From the age of 12, Henley suffered from tuberculosis of the bone that resulted in the amputation of his left leg below the knee in 1868–69. According to Robert Louis Stevenson's letters, the idea for the character of Long John Silver was inspired by Stevenson's real-life friend Henley. Stevenson's stepson, Lloyd Osbourne, described Henley as ... a great, glowing, massive-shouldered fellow with a big red beard
Timeline of the American Revolution The American Revolution was the political upheaval during the last half of the 18th century in which thirteen colonies in North America joined together to break free of the British Empire, combining to become the United States of America. The Revolution includes political, social, and military aspects. The Revolutionary era is generally considered to have begun with the Battles of Lexington and Concord (1775) and ended with the ratification of the United States Constitution in 1789. The military phase of the Revolution, the American Revolutionary War, lasted from 1775 to 1783.  
Henry Miller Shreve Henry Miller Shreve (October 21, 1785 – March 6, 1851) was the American inventor and steamboat captain who opened the Mississippi, Ohio and Red rivers to steamboat navigation. Shreveport, Louisiana, is named in his honor. Shreve was also instrumental in breaking the Fulton-Livingston monopoly on steamboat traffic on the lower Mississippi. He was the first riverboat captain to travel the Ohio and Mississippi rivers to New Orleans and back, as well as the first to bring a keelboat from the Ohio River up the Mississippi to the Fever River in Illinois. Shreve also made significant improvements to the steamboat and the steam engine, such as separate boilers to power side paddlewheels independently, horizontal cylinders, and multiple decks to allow for passengers and entertainment. Early life. Shreve was born to Israel Shreve, a Quaker who had served with honor in the American Revolution, and the former Mary Cokely at Mount Pleasant, the family homestead near Columbus in Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey. On July 7, 1788, the Shreves left New Jersey for their new home on property owned by George Washington in Fayette County, Pennsylvania. Young Henry's new home was close to the Youghiogheny River near the present day borough of Perryopolis. After his father's death in 1799, Shreve served on several riverboats to help support his family. After purchasing his own boat Shreve began trading between Brownsville, Pennsylvania, where he resided, and ports as far away as New Orleans. On a voyage in 1814, Shreve's
Kunrei-shiki romanization Kunrei-shiki is sometimes known as the Monbushō system in English, because it is taught in the Monbushō-approved elementary school curriculum. The ISO has standardized Kunrei-shiki under ISO 3602. Kunrei-shiki is based on the older Nihon-shiki (Nipponsiki) system, modified for modern standard Japanese. For example, the word かなづかい, romanized kanadukai in Nihon-shiki, is pronounced kanazukai in common modern Japanese, and Kunrei-shiki uses the latter spelling. History. In the period before World War II there was a political conflict between supporters of Hepburn romanization and supporters of Nihon-shiki romanization. In 1930 a board of inquiry under the aegis of the Minister of Education was established to determine the proper romanization system. The Japanese government, by cabinet order (訓令 kunrei),), announced on September 21, 1937 that a modified form of Nihon-shiki would be officially adopted Kunrei-shiki. The form at the time differs slightly from the modern day form. Originally the system was called the Kokutei (国定, government-authorized) system. The Japanese government gradually introduced Kunrei-shiki. It appeared in secondary education, on railway station signboards, on nautical charts, and on the 1:1,000,000 scale International Map of the World. In the period when the central government had strong control, from 1937 to 1945, the Japanese government used Kunrei-shiki in its tourist brochures. In Japan, some usage of Nihon-shiki and Modified Hepburn remained because some individuals supported the usage of those systems. J. Marshall Unger, author of Literacy and Script Reform in Occupation Japan : Reading between the Lines, said that the Hepburn supporters
Bronisław Malinowski Bronisław Kasper Malinowski (; 1884–1942) was a Polish-born British anthropologist, one of the most important 20th-century anthropologists. He has been also referred to as a sociologist and ethnographer. From 1910, Malinowski studied exchange and economics at the London School of Economics under Seligman and Westermarck, analysing patterns of exchange in aboriginal Australia through ethnographic documents. In 1914 he was given a chance to travel to New Guinea accompanying anthropologist R. R. Marett, but as war broke out and Malinowski was an Austrian subject, and thereby an enemy of the British commonwealth, he was unable to travel back to England. The Australian government nonetheless provided him with permission and funds to undertake ethnographic work within their territories and Malinowski chose to go to the Trobriand Islands, in Melanesia where he stayed for several years, studying the indigenous culture. Upon his return to England after the war he published his main work Argonauts of the Western Pacific which established him as one of the most important anthropologists in Europe of that time. He took posts as lecturer and later as a chair in Anthropology at the LSE, attracting large numbers of students and exerting great influence on the development of British Social Anthropology. Among his students in this period were such prominent anthropologists as Raymond Firth, E.E. Evans-Pritchard, Hortense Powdermaker, Edmund Leach and Meyer Fortes. From 1933 he visited several American universities and when the second World War broke out he decided to stay there, taking an appointment at
First Indochina War The First Indochina War (generally known as the Indochina War in France, and as the Anti-French Resistance War in contemporary Vietnam) is said to have begun in French Indochina on 19 December 1946 and to have lasted until 1 August 1954. Fighting between French forces and their Việt Minh opponents in the South dates from September 1945. The conflict pitted a range of actors, including the French Union's French Far East Expeditionary Corps, led by France and supported by Emperor Bảo Đại's Vietnamese National Army against the Việt Minh, led by Hồ Chí Minh and Võ Nguyên Giáp. Most of the fighting took place in Tonkin in Northern Vietnam, although the conflict engulfed the entire country and also extended into the neighboring French Indochina protectorates of Laos and Cambodia. Following the reoccupation of Indochina by the French following the end of World War II, the area having fallen to the Japanese, the Việt Minh launched a rebellion against the French authority governing the colonies of French Indochina. The first few years of the war involved a low-level rural insurgency against French authority. However, after the Chinese communists reached the Northern border of Vietnam in 1949, the conflict turned into a conventional war between two armies equipped with modern weapons supplied by the United States and the Soviet Union. French Union forces included colonial troops from the whole former empire (Moroccan, Algerian, Tunisian, Laotian, Cambodian, and Vietnamese ethnic minorities), French professional troops and units of the French
McDonnell XF-88 Voodoo The McDonnell XF-88 Voodoo was a long-range, twin-engine jet fighter aircraft with swept wings designed for the United States Air Force. Although it never entered service, its design was adapted for the subsequent supersonic F-101 Voodoo. Design and development. The XF-88 originated from a 1946 United States Army Air Forces requirement for a long-range penetration fighter to escort bombers to their targets. It was to be essentially a jet-powered replacement for the wartime North American P-51 Mustang that had escorted Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers over Germany. It was to have a combat radius of 900 mi (1,450 km) and high performance. McDonnell began work on the aircraft, dubbed Model 36, on 1 April 1946. On 20 June the company was given a contract for two prototypes designated XP-88. Dave Lewis was Chief of Aerodynamics on this project. The initial design was intended to have straight wings and a V-shaped tail but wind tunnel tests indicated aerodynamic problems that led to a conventional tailplane being substituted and the wings being swept. The USAAF confirmed the order for the two prototypes on 14 February 1947, while a change in designation schemes lead to the unflown prototypes being re-designated XF-88 on 1 July 1948, with the type gaining the nickname Voodoo. The Voodoo had a low/mid-mounted wing, swept to 35°. The two engines, specified as Westinghouse J34 turbojets were in the lower fuselage, fed by air intakes in the wing roots and jetpipes beneath the rear fuselage. This
BMP-1 The BMP-1 is a Soviet amphibious tracked infantry fighting vehicle. BMP stands for Boyevaya Mashina Pekhoty 1 (), meaning infantry fighting vehicle. The BMP-1 was the world's first mass-produced infantry fighting vehicle (IFV). It was called the M-1967, BMP and BMP-76PB by NATO before its correct designation was known. It was a revolutionary design combining the properties of an armored personnel carrier (APC) and a light tank. The Soviet military leadership saw any future wars as being conducted with nuclear, chemical and biological weapons. A vehicle like the BMP would allow infantry to operate from the relative safety of its armored, radiation-shielded interior in contaminated areas and to fight alongside it in uncontaminated areas. It would increase infantry squad mobility, provide fire support to them, and also be able to fight alongside main battle tanks. The BMP-1 was first tested in combat in the 1973 Yom Kippur War where it was used by Egyptian and Syrian forces. Based on lessons learned from this conflict and early experiences in the Soviet War in Afghanistan, a version with improved fighting qualities, the BMP-2 was developed. It was accepted into service in August 1980. In 1987, the BMP-3, a radically redesigned vehicle with a completely new weapon system, entered service in limited numbers with the Soviet Army. Development. Mechanized infantry tactics during the 1950s were similar to World War II methods in which APCs were used as battle taxis; they brought their infantry up to the front line where they then
BMP-2 The BMP-2 (Boyevaya Mashina Pekhoty, Russian: Боевая Машина Пехоты; infantry combat vehicle) is a second-generation, amphibious infantry fighting vehicle introduced in the 1980s in the Soviet Union, following on from the BMP-1 of the 1960s. Development history. Although the BMP-1 was a revolutionary design, its main armament, the 2A28 Grom and the 9S428 ATGM launcher capable of firing the 9M14 Malyutka (NATO: AT-3A Sagger A) and the 9M14M Malyutka-M (NATO: AT-3B Sagger B) ATGMs, quickly became obsolete. Therefore, the Soviet Union decided to produce an updated and improved version of the BMP-1. The main emphasis was put on improving the main armament. In 1972, work got underway to develop an improved version of the BMP-1. During its combat debut in the Yom Kippur War, Egyptian and Syrian BMPs proved vulnerable to .50 calibre machine-gun fire in the sides and rear, and to 106 mm recoilless rifles. The 73 mm gun proved inaccurate beyond 500 meters, and the AT-3 Sagger missile could not be guided effectively from the confines of the turret. Several Soviet technical teams were sent to Syria in the wake of the war to gather information. These lessons combined with observations of western AFV developments resulting in a replacement program for the original BMP in 1974. The first product of this program was the BMP-1P upgrade, which was intended as a stopgap to address the most serious problems with the existing design. Smoke grenade launchers were added to the rear of the turret and the manually
Front Line Assembly Front Line Assembly (FLA) is a Canadian electro-industrial band formed by Bill Leeb in 1986 after leaving Skinny Puppy. Influenced by early electronic and (post-)industrial acts such as Cabaret Voltaire, Portion Control, D.A.F., Test Dept, SPK, and Severed Heads, FLA has developed its own unique sound while combining elements of electronic body music (EBM). The band's membership has rotated through several members over the years, including Rhys Fulber and Michael Balch who are both associated with several other successful artists. History. Formation (1985–1986). Between 1985–1986, Bill Leeb supported Skinny Puppy under the name Wilhelm Schroeder. As an early friend of the band he contributed bass synth and backing vocals for several tracks while also supporting their 1985 tour. Leeb reflects on this period, Skinny Puppy was a good starting point for me, but there was definitely no way for me to get my ideas across. His experiences working with Skinny Puppy gave him some insight in the industry and helped shape his ideas for his own personal career. Upon the formation of Front Line Assembly, Leeb produced the Nerve War demo tape which was distributed on a limited basis (an estimated 50–100 copies were produced). Around this time, Leeb and Rhys Fulber became friends when they discovered they both had a similar interest in underground music. As an unofficial member at this time, Fulber partnered with Leeb during the production of Total Terror and was credited for the song Black Fluid on the demo. Debut and
Douglas B-18 Bolo The Douglas B-18 Bolo medium bomber served with the United States Army Air Corps and the Royal Canadian Air Force (as the Douglas Digby) during the late 1930s and early 1940s. The Bolo was built by Douglas Aircraft Company and based on its DC-2 and was developed to replace the Martin B-10. By 1940 it was considered to be underpowered, to have inadequate defensive armament and carried too small a bomb load. Many were destroyed during the attacks on Pearl Harbor and the Philippines in December 1941. In 1942 the B-18 survivors were relegated to antisubmarine or transport duty. A B-18 was one of the first American aircraft to sink a German U-Boat, the U-654 on 22 August 1942 in the Caribbean. Design and development. In 1934, the United States Army Air Corps put out a request for a bomber with double the bomb load and range of the Martin B-10, which was just entering service as the Army's standard bomber. In the evaluation at Wright Field the following year, Douglas showed its DB-1. It competed with the Boeing Model 299 (later the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress) and Martin Model 146. While the Boeing design was clearly superior, the crash of the B-17 prototype (caused by taking off with the controls still locked) removed it from consideration. During the depths of the Great Depression, the lower price of the DB-1 ($58,500 vs. $99,620 for the Model 299) also counted in its favor. The Douglas design was
Air Vanuatu Air Vanuatu is an airline with its head office in the Air Vanuatu House, Port Vila, Vanuatu. It is Vanuatu's national flag carrier, operating to Australia, New Zealand and points in the South Pacific. Its main base is Bauerfield International Airport, Port Vila. History. Air Vanuatu was established in early 1981 after Vanuatu gained independence from the United Kingdom and France the previous year. The assistance of Ansett Airlines was sought and a five year agreement put in place for Ansett to provide aircraft and operating staff. Ansett also took a 40% stake in the new airline, the government of Vanuatu holding the other 60%. The first Air Vanuatu flight, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 owned and operated by Ansett, departed Sydney for Port Vila on 5 September 1981. In May 1982 a Boeing 737-200 of Polynesian Airlines replaced the DC-9; this was replaced in turn by an Ansett 737-200 in October 1985. In March 1986 the agreement with Ansett expired and was not renewed, this had the effect of grounding the airline. In 1987 the company was re-established with 100% ownership by the government of Vanuatu, after a new commercial agreement was signed with Australian Airlines; weekly Sydney - Port Vila flights re-commenced on 19 December using a Boeing 727-200 chartered from Australian. Air Vanuatu subsequently bought the aircraft in 1989 and leased it back to Australian for use on that airline's network on days that it was not used by Air Vanuatu. In November 1992 the
