Research Design and Standards Organization The Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) is an ISO 9001 research and development organisation under the Ministry of Railways of India, which functions as a technical adviser and consultant to the Railway Board, the Zonal Railways, the Railway Production Units, RITES and IRCON International in respect of design and standardisation of railway equipment and problems related to railway construction, operation and maintenance. History. To enforce standardisation and co-ordination between various railway systems in British India, the Indian Railway Conference Association (IRCA) was set up in 1903. It was followed by the establishment of the Central Standards Office (CSO) in 1930, for preparation of designs, standards and specifications. However, till independence in 1947, most of the designs and manufacture of railway equipments was entrusted to foreign consultants. After independence, a new organisation called Railway Testing and Research Centre (RTRC) was set up in 1952 at Lucknow, for undertaking intensive investigation of railway problems, providing
The Death of Bunny Munro The Death of Bunny Munro is the second novel written by Nick Cave, best known as the lead singer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. His first novel, And the Ass Saw the Angel, was published in 1989. The novel deals with Bunny Munro, a middle aged lothario whose constant womanising and alcohol abuse comes to a head after the suicide of his wife. A travelling door to door beauty product salesman, he and his son go on an increasingly out of control road trip around Brighton, over which looms the shadow of a serial killer making his way towards Brighton, as well as Bunny's own mortality. The novel is set in Brighton in 2003, around the time the West Pier was destroyed by fire. Many of the locations and street names used in the book relate to real places close to Cave's own home. The novel was also released as an audiobook,
Management of prostate cancer Treatment for prostate cancer may involve active surveillance, surgery, radiation therapy including brachytherapy (prostate brachytherapy) and external beam radiation therapy, High-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU), chemotherapy, cryosurgery, hormonal therapy, or some combination. Which option is best depends on the stage of the disease, the Gleason score, and the PSA level. Other important factors are the man's age, his general health, and his feelings about potential treatments and their possible side effects. Because all treatments can have significant side effects, such as erectile dysfunction and urinary incontinence, treatment discussions often focus on balancing the goals of therapy with the risks of lifestyle alterations. The selection of treatment options may be a complex decision involving many factors. For example, radical prostatectomy after primary radiation failure is a very technically challenging surgery and may not be an option. This may enter into the treatment decision. If the cancer has spread beyond the prostate, treatment options significantly change, so most
Cheetah reintroduction in India Reintroduction of the cheetah in India involves the artificial re-establishment of a population of cheetahs into areas where they had previously existed but were hunted into extinction by the British colonial officers and Indian royalty. A part of the reintroduction process is the identification and restoration of their former grassland scrub forest habitats. This is within the scope of the duties of the local forest department of each State, where relocation occurs, through the use of Indian Central Government funding. Background. History. Until the 20th century, the Asiatic cheetah was quite common and roamed all the way from Arabia to Iran, Afghanistan and India. In India, they ranged as far south as the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu. The Asiatic cheetah, also known as the hunting leopard in India was kept by kings and princes to hunt gazelle; the Moghul emperor Akbar kept them for hunting gazelle and blackbucks. He was said to have had
Langtang National Park The Langtang National Park is the fourth national park in Nepal and was established in 1976 as the first Himalayan national park. The protected area exceeds an altitudinal range of and covers an area of in the Nuwakot, Rasuwa and Sindhulpalchok districts of the central Himalayan region encompassing 26 Village Development Committees. It is linked with the Qomolangma National Nature Preserve in Tibet. The high altitude sacred lake of Gosainkunda falls within the park. The Gosainkunda lake ()and the Dorje Lakpa range () bisect the park from east–west to south–east. The summit of Langtang Lirung () is the highest point in the park. The northern and eastern border of the national park coincide with the international border to Tibet. The western boundary follows the rivers Bhote Kosi and Trisuli. The southern border lies north of the Kathmandu Valley. It is part of the Sacred Himalayan Landscape. Entrance fee is 1000 Nepali Rupees. History. In 1970, royal
Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park Shivapuri Nagarjun National Park is the ninth national park in Nepal and was established in 2002. It is located in the country's mid-hills on the northern fringe of the Kathmandu Valley and named after Shivapuri Peak of altitude. It covers an area of in the districts of Kathmandu, Nuwakot and Sindhupalchowk, adjoining 23 Village Development Committees. In the west, the protected area extends to the Dhading District. History. The area has always been an important water catchment area, supplying the Kathmandu Valley with several hundred thousands cubic liter of water daily. In 1976, the area was established as a protected watershed and wildlife reserve. In 2002, it was gazetted as Shivapuri National Park, initially covering . It was extended by the Nagarjun Forest Reserve covering in 2009. Climate. The park is located in a transition zone between subtropical and temperate climate. The annual precipitation of about falls mostly from May to September, with 80% during
Bob Benmosche Robert H. Bob Benmosche (born May 29, 1944) is the president and chief executive officer of American International Group (NYSE: AIG). Benmosche was appointed President & Chief Executive Officer by the US Department of Treasury and AIG Board of Directors to succeed Edward M. Liddy. Benmosche is best known for his leadership at American International Group where he led a turnaround, improved profits 60% year over year, and paid down government aid pledged by the Bush and Obama Administrations. __NOTOC__ Early life. Benmosche was born in Brooklyn, New York. Benmosche traced his Jewish lineage back to Lithuania where his great-grandfather, Moshe Kreiskol, was one of the first Jews to serve in the tsar’s army in the 1830s. Benmosche’s grandfather, Rabbi Herman Benmosche moved the family to the United States in 1894. Benmosche’s father passed away when Benmosche was 10 years old, leaving him, his three siblings, and his mother with $250,000 in debt and the unfinished Patio
Lady Apache Sandra González Calderón (born June 26, 1970) is a Mexican professional wrestler or Luchadora, best known under the ring name Lady Apache. González's ring name comes from the family name of Mario Balbuena González who wrestles under the name Gran Apache; whom she was married to when she made her wrestling debut in 1986 but later divorced. Through her marriage to Gran Apache she was the step mother of Faby Apache and Mari Apache, both professional wrestlers. González' second husband was Jesus Alvarado Nieves, better known as Brazo de Oro, a professional wrestler, current head of the wrestlers union and CMLL booker. Her third and current husband is Edgar Luna Pozos, AAA's Electroshock, she is also the sister-in-law to Charly Manson (Jesus Luna Pozos). As Lady Apache, González has mainly worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Mexico's two largest professional wrestling promotions during her career, switching back and forth
Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released on 28 September 2009 by Epic Records. Its first two singles from the album, Stone Cold Sober and New York, both peaked within the top twenty in the United Kingdom. The album spawned three more singles: Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?, Upside Down and Smoke & Mirrors. The album received positive reviews from critics. Since its release, the album spent 106 weeks on the UK Albums Chart and peaked at number 9. It was announced on 1 March 2013 that the album had been certified 2× Platinum with sales exceeding 600,000 copies. To promote the album Faith embarked her first concert Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful Tour in 12 February 2010 which visited Europe. Background. During her time at college, Faith worked in a pub
Philippine Fault System The Philippine Fault System is an inter-related system of faults throughout the whole of the Philippine Archipelago, primarily caused by tectonic forces compressing the Philippines into what tectonic geophysicists call the Philippine Mobile Belt. Philippine Mobile Belt. The Philippine Mobile Belt is composed of a large number of accretionary blocks and strips. Most strips are long and narrow like the Zambales ophiolites which is at least 400 km long and 50 km wide. The strips generally run north-south and the zones of convergence are usually demarcated by fault lines. The Philippine Mobile Belt is compressed on the west by the Eurasian Plate and two arms of the Sunda Plate, and on the east by the Philippine Sea Plate. These tectonic plates have compressed and lifted parts of the Philippines causing extensive faulting, primarily on a north-south axis. All faults in the Philippines are inter-related by the tectonic forces causative of the Philippine Mobile Belt, or its
Abandoned pets Abandoned pets are both exotic pets and companion animals that are either inadvertently or purposely cast off by their owners. This commonly occurs when an owner passes away, or when a pet becomes disruptive or grows too large. The financial crisis of 2007–2010 has resulted in a number of pets abandoned for economic reasons. Typical of this group are pets left behind when the owner's home is foreclosed. These animals can be left alone on the property or dropped off at a shelter. They are often discovered after the foreclosure process, when the realtor or bank enters the home. Animals fortunate enough to survive until they are discovered are often in poor condition due to lack of resources such as food and water. Abandonment. Pets are abandoned for a variety of reasons. Often, when abandoned, pets are forced to fend for themselves, and become feral. In particular, cats and dogs go to colonies. Feral cats are said
Chadalavada Umesh Chandra Chadalavada Umesh Chandra (Telugu: చదలవాడ ఉమేశ్ చంద్ర, March 29, 1966 – September 4, 1999) was one of the most reputed Police officers in the history of Andhra Pradesh. In his tenure as Superintendent of Police of Cuddapah district, he restored normal conditions within a short time. He was called 'Cuddapah tiger' by the people of Cuddapah. Early life. Umesh Chandra was born on March 29, 1966 at Pedapudi, Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh to Chadalavada Venugopala Rao and Nayanatara. He studied at Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet. He was graduated (B.A.) from Nizam College in 1987 and M.A. in Economics from Osmania University in 1989. He was university topper and Gold medalist in the graduate and postgraduate examinations. Professional life. He was selected for Indian Police Service in 1991 and underwent training in National Police Academy, Hyderabad. He was posted as Assistant Superintendent of Police in Warangal (Rural) between October 1992 to October 1994. He started a
Texts From Last Night Texts From Last Night (TFLN) is a regularly updated blog that re-posts short text messages submitted by its users. The site tends to post texts that are shocking or scandalous. The texts are sent in by people who wake in the morning to find regrettable messages sent to or from their mobile phones. The receiver then sends the allegedly discovered text into this website. The copies of the messages do not show the phone numbers, but only area codes. Since the texts are often similar to late night drunk dials, they're often graphic and sexual in nature, thus not safe for work. From a sociological perspective, the website is a living document of twentysomething life in 2009. While TFLN has many blackout drinking, sex, and vomit stories, there is also an extended discussion taking place about morality. The texts show how humans interact with drugs and alcohol. We see the cause and effect of last
María de Villota María de Villota Comba (born 13 January 1980) is a Spanish racing driver. She is the daughter of former Formula One driver Emilio de Villota, and sister of Emilio de Villota, Jr., who like his sister competed in Formula Palmer Audi. She is currently recovering from serious head and facial injuries sustained in an accident which occurred during a straight-line testing session in her role as the Marussia Formula One team's test driver. Career. De Villota was born in Madrid. She has competed in numerous racing series, including the World Touring Car Championship and ADAC Procar Series. In August 2009, she signed with Atlético Madrid to race for the remainder of the season in the Superleague Formula open wheel racing series. She remained with the Atlético Madrid team until the series folded in 2011. She also competed in the 2005 24 Hours of Daytona endurance race. Formula One. On 18 August 2011, the Lotus Renault GP
Tom Maynard Thomas Lloyd Tom Maynard (25 March 1989 – 18 June 2012) was a Welsh cricketer who played for Surrey. A right-handed batsman and very occasional right-arm off break bowler, he was the son of former Glamorgan and England batsman Matthew Maynard. Life and career. Born in Cardiff, Maynard attended Pentyrch Primary School, Radyr Comprehensive School, and then moved to Millfield School before attending Whitchurch High School for sixth form. Maynard made his way up the ranks with Glamorgan, starting in the county's Under-17s side at the age of 15. By the time he was 16, he had reached the Glamorgan 2nd XI and was playing for the Wales Minor Counties team. Maynard made his debut for the Glamorgan First XI on 10 June 2007, playing in a Friends Provident Trophy match against the Gloucestershire Gladiators at Colwyn Bay. He hit 71 runs off 75 balls, including seven fours and three sixes before being caught and bowled by
Jikki Pillavalu Gajapathi Krishnaveni was a popular film playback singer from Andhra Pradesh,South India. She sang over nearly 10,000 songs in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Hindi and Sinhala languages. Early life. Jikki was born in Chennai on November 3, 1935 to Gajapathi Naidu and Rajakanthamma, who had moved from Chandragiri, near Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh to Chennai for their livelihood. Her uncle Devaraju Naidu worked as music composer with celebrated Kannada theatre legend and movie pioneer Gubbi Veeranna and this gave exposure to the young good looking girl,Krishnaveni,to music and film world. Career. Jikki began her career as child artist in 1943 and played a minor role in a Telugu movie named Panthulamma directed by Guduvalli Ramabramham. In 1946 she once again hit the silver screen with the movie Mangalasutram, the rehash of a Hollywood movie'Excuse Me'.She was already being noted for her musical prowess and the lilting mellifluous voice although she did not go through any orthodox classical
Tara Stiles Tara Leann Stiles (born May 6, 1981) is an American model turned yoga instructor and founder of Strala Yoga in New York City. She starred in Yoga For, the first instructional on-line yoga video series, produced by Ford Models. Vanity Fair reported on a yoga video that Stiles specifically designed for Sarah Palin; the Vanity Fair reporter commented that Tara Stiles has got to be the coolest yoga instructor ever. Stiles is also the personal yoga instructor to Deepak Chopra, with whom she collaborated to create Authentic Yoga for the iPhone. Early life. Stiles grew up outside Morris, Illinois. Her mother designed, without any professional experience, their passive solar home and built it together with her father, now retired from a career in nuclear power. She has one sibling, an elder brother, Chad, who is an electrician. Modeling career. After graduation she studied dance in Chicago, where one of her ballet instructors introduced her to yoga. A
Isaac Redman Isaac Redman (born November 10, 1984) is an American football running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Bowie State University in Bowie, Maryland. Early years. Redman played high school football and wrestled at Paulsboro High School. Although a standout player, his future career was nearly derailed completely with a sexual assault charge in his senior year of high school. Redman pled out to a lesser charge of criminal sexual contact and was given three years' probation. College career. Redman played college football at NCAA Division-II Bowie State University (BSU) which is part of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA). Redman finished his career as Bowie State’s all-time rushing leader (3,300 yards). Some of his other accomplishments at Bowie State include: Some of his other accolades include: Statistics. note: Redman did not play during the entire
Doctor Steel Doctor Steel (full name, Doctor Phineas Waldolf Steel) was a self-published American musician and internet personality from Los Angeles. He performed on rare occasions with a backup band, claiming that a fictitious robot band had malfunctioned. Shows incorporated puppetry, multimedia and performances by female members (Nurses and Scouts) of his street team, The Army of Toy Soldiers. Steel made a brief appearance on The Tonight Show and has had numerous interviews. He was the subject of an article in Wired Magazine regarding allegations that Dr. Horrible had copied his style. Steel has frequently been cited as an example of Steampunk music. Musical career. Steel began publicly performing in 1999, essentially busking on the streets of Los Angeles. A few years later, he began performing at venues like The Key Club and the CIA. His live shows combined music with puppetry and video projection that reflect the stories and meanings of the songs. In 2001 and 2002, the
Janice Man Janice Man (born December 29, 1988) is a fashion model and actress from Hong Kong. Career. Janice Man was discovered by model seekers on the streets when she was 14. Because of this she entered the modeling world at the age of only 14. Her modeling career took a sharp upwards turn in 2007 when she participated in television series such as «過渡青春» and movies like «十分愛». In 2009, August 13, it was announced she signed the contract with Leon Lai's star artist management, A-Music. She later appeared in Hong Kong's Asia Exhibit, Summer Pop Live in HK, and other live concerts. Her fame rose steadily in Asia as she cooperated with Korean Movie Star, Kim Jae Wook, and also shot commercials for Japan's Beauty Warehouse Company, Opaque. She played one of the four main characters in the 2009 film Basic Love along with Elanne Kong, Rex Ho (何浚尉), and Izz Xu (徐正曦); she reportedly became good
Toi gold mine The Toi gold mine (Japanese: 土肥鉱山, also 土肥金山) was an important gold mine of Japan, located within the city of Toi, Izu Peninsula, Shizuoka Prefecture. History. Small-scale gold mining is said to have started at Toi around 1370 during the period of the Ashikaga Bakufu. The gold mine was operated on a large scale from the time of Tokugawa Ieyasu in the late 16th century. Several mines were open in 1577, but Tokugawa Ieyasu endeavored to their development from 1601. He put the exploitation of the mine under the responsibility of Gold Mine Minister (金山奉行) Ōkubo. Toi was one of several goldmines of the Izu Peninsula, such as Yugashima or Nawaji, totaling about 60 gold mines in Izu alone. The gold and silver produced by these mines permitted the production of Tokugawa coinage, and allowed for the prosperity of the Tokugawa. The city of Toi itself became highly prosperous, with numerous trades flooding in to service
Production of Watchmen Watchmen is a 2009 film based on a twelve-issue comic book limited series of same name created by writer Alan Moore, artist Dave Gibbons, and colorist John Higgins, published by DC Comics between 1986 and 1987. The graphic novel's film rights were acquired by producer Lawrence Gordon in 1986. Many problems halted the adaptation's development, with four different studios and various directors and screenwriters being attached to the project through twenty years. In 2006, Zack Snyder, who at the time was filming another comic book adaptation, 300, was hired by Warner Bros. to helm Watchmen. Filming started in 2007, and following deals with two of the previous companies involved in the development—Paramount Pictures, responsible for international distribution rights, and 20th Century Fox, which received the rights to part of the gross—the Watchmen adaptation was finally released in March 2009. Pre-production. Failed projects. In August 1986, producer Lawrence Gordon acquired the film rights to Watchmen for 20th
Český Krumlov Český Krumlov (; or Böhmisch Krummau; Krumau; English: Crumlaw, Bohemian Crumlaw) is a small city in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic where Český Krumlov Castle is located. Old Český Krumlov is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and was given this status along with the historic Prague castle district. The city is named Český Krumlov (Bohemian Crumlaw) to differentiate it from Moravský Krumlov in the southeast of the country. History. Construction of the town and castle began in the late 13th century at a ford in the Vltava River, which was important in trade routes in Bohemia. In 1302 the town and castle were owned by the House of Rosenberg. Emperor Rudolf II bought Krumlov in 1602 and gave it to his natural son Julius d’Austria. Emperor Ferdinand II gave Krumlov to the House of Eggenberg. From 1719 until 1945 the castle belonged to the House of Schwarzenberg. Most of the architecture of the old
National Open University National Open University (NOU), is an Open University in Taiwan. National Open University was established on August 1, 1986 along the lines of Great Britain's Open University. Although National Open University originally had entrance examinations, they were later abolished in 1997. Classes were originally conducted over a dedicated radio station, and television channel and internet classroom were later added. Today, National Open University is a full-service, distance learning university fully accredited by the Taiwanese government, and has an annual enrollment of 35,000 students. Organization. National Open University is headed by a president. The University contain 6 academic departments.  
Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II The Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II continued essential overseas trade during the conflict, a period referred to as The Long Watch by Irish mariners. Irish merchant shipping saw to it that vital imports continued to arrive and exports, mainly food supplies to Great Britain, were delivered. Irish ships sailed unarmed and usually alone, identifying themselves as neutrals with bright lights and by painting the Irish tricolour and EIRE in large letters on their sides and decks. Nonetheless twenty percent of seamen serving in Irish ships perished, victims of a war not their own: attacked by both sides, though predominately by the Axis powers. Often, Allied convoys could not stop to pick up survivors, while Irish ships always answered SOS signals and stopped to rescue survivors, irrespective of which side they belonged to. Irish ships rescued 534 seamen. At the outbreak of World War II, known as The Emergency, Ireland declared
Sticky-shed syndrome Sticky-shed syndrome is a condition created by the deterioration of the binders in a magnetic tape, which hold the iron oxide magnetizable coating to its plastic carrier. This deterioration renders the tape unusable. Some kinds of binder are known to break down over time, due to the absorption of moisture (hydrolysis). The symptoms of this breakdown are immediately obvious even when rewinding the tape: tearing sounds and sluggish behavior. If a tape with sticky-shed syndrome is played, the reels will make screeching or squeaking sounds, and the tape will leave dusty, rusty particles on the guides and heads. Cause. Some tapes may deteriorate because of a breakdown in the binder (the glue) that holds the oxide particles on the tape if the tape was from any of the tape manufacturers who had inadvertently used an unstable binder formulation. That binder contained polyurethane that soaks up water and causes the urethane to rise to the tape's surface. This
Return-oriented programming Return-oriented programming (ROP) is a computer security exploit technique that allows an attacker to execute code in the presence of security defenses such as non-executable memory and code signing. An attacker gains control of the call stack to hijack program control flow and then executes carefully chosen machine instruction sequences, called gadgets. Each gadget typically ends in a return instruction and is located in a subroutine within the existing program and/or shared library code. Chained together, these gadgets allow an attacker to perform arbitrary operations on a machine employing defenses that thwart simpler attacks. Background. Stack smashing attacks. Return-oriented programming is an advanced version of a stack smashing attack. Generally, these types of attacks arise when an adversary manipulates the call stack by taking advantage of a bug in the program, often a buffer overrun. In a buffer overrun, a function that does not perform proper bounds checking before storing user-provided data into memory will accept more
Damon Wilson Damon Wilson is an American foreign policy advisor and the current executive vice president at the Atlantic Council of the United States, a foreign and public policy think tank based in Washington, D.C. Prior to joining the Atlantic Council, Wilson served as Senior Director for European Affairs at the National Security Council during President George W. Bush's second term. Biography. Wilson was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He attended Duke University as a Benjamin N. Duke Leadership Scholar and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science in 1995. Following graduation, Wilson was awarded the first Hart Leadership Fellowship for the year 1995-1996, working in Rwanda with Save the Children's Children and War Program. During the fellowship, he helped design the field office's information and documentation systems and participated in program planning for projects focused on unaccompanied children. Wilson completed his master’s degree (MPA) at Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs
Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II The coronation of Queen Elizabeth II as monarch of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Ceylon, and Pakistan took place on 2 June 1953. Elizabeth, then aged 25, ascended the thrones of these countries upon the death of her father, George VI, on 6 February 1952, and was proclaimed queen by her various privy and executive councils shortly afterwards. The coronation was delayed for more than a year because of the tradition that such a festival was inappropriate during the period of mourning that followed the death of the preceding sovereign. In the ceremony itself, Elizabeth swore an oath to uphold the laws of her nations and to govern the Church of England. Celebrations took place and a commemorative medal was issued throughout the Commonwealth realms. Preparations. For the one-day coronation ceremony, 16 months of preparation took place, with the first meeting of the Coronation Commission taking place in April 1952,
Manchester Mark 1 The Manchester Mark 1 was one of the earliest stored-program computers, developed at the Victoria University of Manchester from the Small-Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM) or Baby (operational in June 1948). It was also called the Manchester Automatic Digital Machine, or MADM. Work began in August 1948, and the first version was operational by April 1949; a program written to search for Mersenne primes ran error-free for nine hours on the night of 16/17 June 1949. The machine's successful operation was widely reported in the British press, which used the phrase electronic brain in describing it to their readers. That description provoked a reaction from the head of the University of Manchester's Department of Neurosurgery, the start of a long-running debate as to whether an electronic computer could ever be truly creative. The Mark 1 was to provide a computing resource within the university, to allow researchers to gain experience in the practical use of computers, but
Tryton Tryton is a three-tier high-level general purpose computer application platform on top of which is built an Enterprise resource planning (ERP) business solution through a set of Tryton modules. The three-tiers architecture consists of the Tryton client, the Tryton server and the Database management system (mainly PostgreSQL). License. The platform, along with the official modules, are Free software, licensed under the GPLv3. Modules and functional coverage. The official modules provide a coverage of the following functional fields: Technical features. The client and the server applications are written in Python, the client use GTK+ as graphical toolkit. Both are available on Linux, OS X, and Windows. A standalone version including client and server exists and is named Neso. The kernel provides the technical foundations needed by most business applications. However it is not linked to any particular functional field hence constituting a general purpose framework: Being a framework, Tryton can be used as a platform for the development of
Belt filter The belt filter (sometimes called a belt filter press) is an industrial machine, used for solid/liquid separation processes, particularly the dewatering of sludges in the chemical industry, mining and water treatment. The process of filtration is primarily obtained by passing a pair of filtering cloths and belts through a system of rollers. Operation. The feed sludge to be dewatered is introduced from a hopper between two monofilament filter cloths (supported by perforated belts) which pass through a convoluted arrangement of rollers. As the belts are fed through the rollers, water is squeezed out of the sludge. When the belts pass through the final pair of rollers in the process, the filter cloths are separated and the filter cake is scraped off into a suitable container. A belt filter is generally used in phosphatic fertiliser plants to separate the solid from slurry. It comprises washing to different zone to minimise the product losses. Belt filters use a vacuum
Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society The Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society was organized as an auxiliary of the American Anti-Slavery Society in 1835. Its roots were in New England Anti-Slavery Society, organized by William Lloyd Garrison, editor of The Liberator, in 1831. Garrison went on to organize a national organization, the American Anti-Slavery Society, in 1833. History. New England Anti-Slavery Society. The New England Anti-Slavery Society (1831–1835) was formed by William Lloyd Garrison, editor of The Liberator, in 1831. The Liberator was also its official publication. Based in Boston, Massachusetts, members of the New England Anti-slavery Society supported immediate abolition and viewed slavery as immoral and non-Christian. It was particularly opposed to the American Colonization Society which proposed sending African Americans to Africa. The Society sponsored lecturers or agents who traveled throughout the New England area, speaking in local churches or halls, and also selling abolitionist tracts or The Liberator. Whenever possible, the Society's agents would also encourage the formation of local anti-slavery
The Idea of Justice The Idea of Justice is a 2009 book by Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen. The book has been described by The Economist as commanding summation of Mr Sen’s own work on economic reasoning and on the elements and measurement of human well-being. Sen delivered a lecture based on the book (The Penguin Annual Lecture) in Kolkata on August 5 which was followed by a discussion with Barkha Dutt. Sen's book is principally a critique and revision of John Rawls' basic ideas in A Theory of Justice. Sen was a student of Rawls and the book is dedicated to his memory. One of Sen's main arguments throughout the book is that the project of social justice should not be evaluated in binary terms, as either achieved or not. Rather, he claims that justice should be understood as existing to a matter of degree, and should correspondingly be evaluated along a continuum. Furthermore, he argues that we do
Talkmobile Talkmobile is a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) operating in the United Kingdom. The company is owned by The Carphone Warehouse (CPW) and is run on the Vodafone network. The company launched in 2007, first offering just four payment plans before expanding into a wider range of tariffs and products. CPW's original MVNO was called Fresh Mobile and used to run on the one2one/T-Mobile network. Fresh was discontinued in 2010 in favour of TalkMobile. Products and services. They were the first to introduce £1 sim only plans.  
Go Radio Go Radio is a rock band from Tallahassee, Florida, formed by former Mayday Parade vocalist, guitarist and lyricist Jason Lancaster in April 2007. The band has toured with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, A Day to Remember, as well as Mayday Parade. They played the entire Vans Warped Tour in 2011. History. Formation and Welcome to Life (2007–2009). Go Radio formed in April 2007 after Jason Lancaster left Mayday Parade. Together with Matt 'Burns' Poulos, as well as Steven Kopacz and Patrick Hosey of the Florida band Don't Die Cindy, Lancaster started Go Radio. The name Go Radio was originally going to be the name of a Mayday Parade side project of Lancaster's. Hosey left the band in late 2007, and was replaced by Tony Planas. In 2008 Go Radio released their debut EP Welcome To Life. Planas left the band in late 2008, and was replaced by Alex Reed, formerly of the Michigan band Carawae. Reed contacted
Seven Gates of Hell The Seven Gates of Hell is a legend of the York, Pennsylvania area of America. Two versions of the legend exist, one involving a burnt insane asylum and the other an eccentric doctor. Both agree that there are seven gates in a wooded area of Hellam Township, Pennsylvania, and that anyone who passes through all seven goes straight to Hell. The location in question never housed an institution; the aforementioned doctor only constructed one gate, to keep out trespassers. The area still receives a number of tourists, some of whom harass local residents, causing them to call the police. Myth. There are two popular versions of the myth, with numerous variants of each. One states that a mental institution used to be located on either Toad Road or Trout Run Road, depending on the source, in Hellam Township, Pennsylvania. It was erected in a remote location so as to isolate people deemed insane from the
White Liar White Liar is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in August 2009 as the second single from her album Revolution. Lambert performed White Liar on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on October 6, 2009, and on the 2009 CMA Awards on November 11, 2009. In December 2009, the song became Lambert's second Top 10 hit and reached a peak of number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 6, 2010. The was written by Lambert and Natalie Hemby. Lambert donated the original, handwritten copy of White Liar to the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum for public display behind a glass case. Content. White Liar is a moderate up-tempo song in the key of F major backed primarily by steel guitar. The female narrator in the song describes confronting her man for cheating, whom she refers to as
Bay of Plenty The Bay of Plenty is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand's North Island. It stretches from the Coromandel Peninsula in the west to Cape Runaway in the east, a wide stretch of some 259 km of open coastline. The Bay of Plenty Region is situated around this body of water, also incorporating several large islands in the bay. History. The Bay of Plenty was the first part of New Zealand to be settled, by the Māori. The name Bay of Plenty originated with James Cook during his 1769–70 exploration of New Zealand, who noted the abundant resources in the area. The Māori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi (the sea of Toi), a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi. In the 1830s, Europeans began to settle in the area. On 5 October 2011, the MV Rena ran aground on the Astrolabe Reef off the coast of the Bay of Plenty causing
Antonio López de Santa Anna Antonio de Padua María Severino López de Santa Anna y Pérez de Lebrón (21 February 1794 – 21 June 1876), often known as Santa Anna or López de Santa Anna and sometimes called the Napoleon of the West, was a Mexican political, general, and eleven-time president who greatly influenced early Mexican politics and government. Santa Anna fought first against Mexican independence from Spain, then in support of it. Though not the first caudillo (military leader) of Mexico, he was among the earliest. He was general and president multiple times over a turbulent 40-year career; he was president on eleven non-consecutive occasions over a period of 22 years. A wealthy landowner, he built a firm political base in the major port city of Veracruz. He was the hero of the Army; he sought glory for himself and his army, and repeatedly rebuilt it after major losses. A brave soldier and a cunning politician, he so
Louis Brandeis Louis Dembitz Brandeis (; November 13, 1856 – October 5, 1941) was an American lawyer and Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States from 1916 to 1939. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Jewish immigrant parents from Bohemia, who raised him in a secular home. He enrolled at Harvard Law School, graduating at the age of twenty with the highest grade average in the law school's history. Brandeis settled in Boston where he became a recognized lawyer through his work on progressive social causes. Starting in 1890, he helped develop the right to privacy concept by writing a Harvard Law Review article of that title, and was thereby credited by legal scholar Roscoe Pound as having accomplished nothing less than adding a chapter to our law. He later published a book titled Other People's Money And How the Bankers Use It, suggesting ways of curbing the power of large banks and money trusts,
Modula-2 Modula-2 is a computer programming language designed and developed between 1977 and 1985 by Niklaus Wirth at ETH Zurich as a revision of Pascal to serve as the sole programming language for the operating system and application software for the personal workstation Lilith. The principal concepts were: Modula-2 was understood by Niklaus Wirth as a successor to his earlier programming language Pascal. The language design was also influenced by the Mesa programming language and the new programming possibilities of the early personal computer Xerox Alto, both from Xerox, that Wirth saw during his 1976 sabbatical year at Xerox PARC. The computer magazine BYTE devoted the issue August 1984 to the language and its surrounding environment. Description. Modula-2 is a general purpose procedural language, sufficiently flexible to do systems programming, but with much broader application. In particular, it was designed to support separate compilation and data abstraction in a straightforward way. Much of the syntax is based on Wirth's
UD Salamanca Unión Deportiva Salamanca, S.A.D. () was a Spanish football team based in Salamanca, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 16 March 1923, it played its last season in Segunda División B. Nicknamed Los Charros, the club played in white shirts and black shorts, holding home games at Estadio El Helmántico, which seated 17,341 spectators. History. Initially formed by Irish students, Salamanca first played in early Spanish championships in 1907, before an official league was founded later on. On 16 March 1923, at the tables of Café Novelty, situated in the Plaza Mayor, Dionisio Ridruejo set the club's early official foundations and, from 1939 and during the following three decades, it fluctuated between the third and the second levels of the Spanish football league. In the 1974–75 season, Salamanca made its La Liga debuts, overachieving for a final 7th position (out of 18 teams), which eventually would be its best classification ever. The team
GLaDOS GLaDOS, short for Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System, is a fictional artificially intelligent computer system and the main antagonist in the video game Portal as well as the first half of its sequel, Portal 2. She was created by Erik Wolpaw and Kim Swift and is voiced by Ellen McLain. She is responsible for testing and maintenance in Aperture Science research facility in both video games. While she initially appears to simply be a voice to guide and aid the player, her words and actions become increasingly malicious until she makes her intentions clear. The game reveals that she is corrupted and used a neurotoxin to kill the scientists in the lab before the events of Portal. She is destroyed at the end of the first title by the player-character Chell but is revealed to have survived in the credits song Still Alive. The inspiration for her creation extends from Wolpaw's use of a text-to-speech program while
Glossary of HVAC terms HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) is a major subdiscipline of mechanical engineering. The goal of HVAC design is to balance indoor environmental comfort with other factors such as installation cost, ease of maintenance, and energy efficiency. The discipline of HVAC includes a large number of specialized terms and acronyms, many of which are summarized in this glossary.  
Option Paralysis Option Paralysis is the fourth full-length studio album by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan, released on March 23, 2010. After having fulfilled their contract with Relapse Records, the band released the album through Party Smasher Inc., their own new imprint in collaboration with French record label Season of Mist. It marks The Dillinger Escape Plan's first release to feature Billy Rymer on drums, since Gil Sharone left the band in September 2008 due to the frequent touring schedule and to focus on his brother's band Stolen Babies. Background. Formation of Party Smasher Inc.. The Dillinger Escape Plan announced their departure from Relapse Records in 2009. They had become dissatisfied with the music industry and music media, and decided to create their own record label to release their fourth studio-album. Commenting on the dissolving indie band culture, guitarist Ben Weinman stated, back in the day there were record labels that you trusted, loved and you bought
The Stone Breakers The Stone Breakers () was an 1849–50 painting by the French painter Gustave Courbet. It was a work of social realism, depicting two peasants, a young man and an old man, breaking rocks. The painting was first exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1850. It was destroyed during World War II, along with 154 other pictures, when a transport vehicle moving the pictures to the castle of Königstein, near Dresden, was bombed by Allied forces in February 1945.  
Asterios Polyp Asterios Polyp is a 2009 graphic novel by American cartoonist David Mazzucchelli. Overview. The title character, Asterios Polyp, is a professor and architect of Greek and Italian descent who teaches at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. After a lightning strike burns up his apartment, he leaves the city on a Greyhound bus and takes up employment as an auto mechanic in the town of Apogee (somewhere in America), the farthest point his money will take him. The novel is interspersed with scenes from his past (ostensibly narrated by his stillborn twin brother, Ignazio), including his childhood and troubled marriage; as well as dreams and allegorical sequences. Finally, he must confront not only his own flawed nature, but the implacable and amoral whims of the gods themselves. Themes. In plot, structure, and design, this book seems to explore the idea of duality. Some of the false dichotomies touched upon are: Apollonian vs. Dionysian; reason vs. emotion; destiny
Koningsdag Koningsdag () or King's Day is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Celebrated on 27 April (the 26th if the 27th falls on a Sunday), the date marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander. From 1890 to 2013, the day was known as Koninginnedag (; ) or Queen's Day. The holiday was first observed on 31 August 1885 as Prinsessedag or Princess's Day, the fifth birthday anniversary of Princess Wilhelmina, heiress to the Dutch throne. On her accession, the holiday acquired the name, Koninginnedag. When held on 31 August the holiday was the final day of school summer vacation, leading to its popularity among children. Following the accession of Wilhelmina's daughter Juliana in 1948, the holiday was moved to Queen Juliana's birthday on 30 April. Her daughter, Beatrix retained the celebration on 30 April after she ascended the throne in 1980, despite her actual birthday occurring on 31 January. Beatrix altered her mother's custom of receiving
Cartesian product In mathematics, a Cartesian product is a mathematical operation which returns a set (or product set) from multiple sets. That is, for sets A and B, the Cartesian product is the set of all ordered pairs where and . The simplest case of a Cartesian product is the Cartesian square, which returns a set from two sets. A table can be created by taking the Cartesian product of a set of rows and a set of columns. If the Cartesian product is taken, the cells of the table contain ordered pairs of the form . A Cartesian product of n sets can be represented by an array of n dimensions, where each element is an n-tuple. An ordered pair is a 2-tuple. The Cartesian product is named after René Descartes, whose formulation of analytic geometry gave rise to the concept. Examples. A deck of cards. An illustrative example is the Standard 52-card deck. The standard playing card
Conditional probability In probability theory, a conditional probability is the probability that an event will occur, when another event is known to occur or to have occurred. If the events are A and B respectively, this is said to be the probability of A given B. It is commonly denoted by P(A|B), or sometimes P(A). P(A|B) may or may not be equal to P(A), the probability of A. If they are equal, A and B are said to be independent. For example, if a coin is flipped twice, the outcome of the second flip is independent of the outcome of the first flip. In the Bayesian interpretation of probability, the conditioning event is interpreted as evidence for the conditioned event. That is, P(A) is the probability of A before accounting for evidence E, and P(A|E) is the probability of A having accounted for evidence E. Definition. Conditioning on an event. Kolmogorov definition. Given two events A and B with
Teppuu Story. The plot revolves around Natsuo Ishido, a freshman in high school. She has a natural talent for everything she does, and as a result becomes bored with doing anything. She is often praised (and occasionally hated) for her incredible talent, but in reality she feels lonely, so she is often looking for more and more things to occupy her time. As she fails to find anything that is sufficiently challenging, her loneliness and boredom reach a bottomed-out state. One day, after a volleyball practice, she meets Yuzuko Mawatori advertising for the mixed martial arts club, and although at the time she is uninterested, the idea stays with her for the rest of the day. She learns that Yuzuko and one other girl are the sole members of the club, and as such isn't an official club yet, so she decides to investigate. She meets the two members and challenges Yuzuko to a spar, in which the two
Global Village Telecom Global Village Telecom (GVT) is a Brazilian telecomunications company that offers advanced services on fixed phone, broadband for both consumer and business and voice over IP. GVT has been on the market since 2000, offering services with a promise of quality and value to the consumer. Present in 17 states and Distrito Federal. Following a plan of constant expansion since February 2007 when it opened capital on the São Paulo stock exchange, showing the biggest increase in the telecommunications sector in income, margin and subscriptions. Entered Belo Horizonte market in 2007, and now entering in Contagem and Betim (MG), Salvador (BA) in 2008 and Vitória, Vila Velha, Serra (ES), Recife (PE) in 2009. With a total of 127 cities served. Are parts of the GVT group the ISP POP and the Voice over IP exclusive provider, Vono. The French company Vivendi bought a 58% stake in the company in 2009, and raised its participation to 99.17%
Extragalactic planet An extragalactic planet, also known as an extragalactic extrasolar planet or exgaplanet, is a planet that is outside the Milky Way. Twin Quasar related planet. A microlensing event in the Twin Quasar gravitational lensing system was observed in 1996, by R. E. Schild, in the A lobe of the lensed quasar. It is predicted that a 3-Earth mass planet in the lensing galaxy, YGKOW G1, caused the event. This was the first extragalactic planet announced. This however is not a repeatable observation, as it is a one time chance alignment. This predicted planet lies 4 billion light years away. Andromeda galaxy planets. A team of scientists has used gravitational microlensing to come up with a tentative detection of an extragalactic exoplanet in Andromeda, our nearest large galactic neighbour. The lensing pattern fits a star with a smaller companion weighing just 6 or 7 times the mass of Jupiter. This suspected planet is the first announced in the
Roadkill cuisine Roadkill cuisine is preparing and eating roadkill, animals hit by vehicles and found along roads. It is a practice engaged in by a small subculture in the United States, Southern Canada, the United Kingdom and other Western countries as well as in other parts of the world. It is also a subject of humor and urban legend. Large animals including deer, moose, bear and elk are frequently struck in some parts of the United States, as well as smaller animals such as armadillos, raccoons, skunks and birds. Fresh kill is preferred and worms are a concern, so the kill is typically well cooked. Advantages of the roadkill diet, apart from its low cost, are that the animals that roadkill scavengers eat are naturally high in vitamins and proteins with lean meat and little saturated fat, and generally free of additives and drugs. Almost 1.5 million deer are hit by vehicles each year in the US. If the
Edmund McMillen Edmund McMillen (born March 2, 1980) is an American video game designer known for his flash-game visual style and his emphasis on careful level design and rewarding learning curves. Early life. McMillen has been a lifelong resident of Santa Cruz, California. He is especially fond of drawing, his favorite subjects being monsters. Edmund spent most of his childhood with his grandmother, whom he considers to be the greatest source of support in his creative endeavors. Later in his life, Edmund received a box from his grandmother that contained all of his drawings as a child. Many of these drawings can be seen by unlocking 'The Box' in one of his games, The Basement Collection Career. McMillen's initial graphic work was in independent comics. While he has largely abandoned this field in favor of video games, he has released a series of comics featuring Meat Boy, the title character in the video game Super Meat Boy, as a
Andre Blackman Andre Alexandre George Blackman (born 10 November 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Plymouth Argyle. A left back, he previously played for Bristol City, AFC Wimbledon, Celtic and Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Club career. Early career. Blackman began his career as a trainee with Arsenal before moving to Tottenham Hotspur and then signing for Portsmouth at the age of 16. He also had a spell with Chelsea. Bristol City. Blackman started his professional career by signing a two year contract with Bristol City after his release by Portsmouth. He made his debut for Bristol City in the League Cup match against Brentford on 11 August 2009. On 1 October 2009, Blackman was released by Bristol City without making a league appearance. He then went on trial with Championship side Leicester City, which proved to be unsuccessful. Wimbledon. After declaring he wanted to sort his life out, Blackman signed for Conference National club AFC Wimbledon on 1
Julie Kane Julie Kane (born July 20,1952, Boston) is a contemporary American poet, scholar, and editor and the Louisiana Poet Laureate for the 2011–2013 term. Although born in Massachusetts, Kane has lived in Louisiana for over three decades and writes about the region with the doubled consciousness of a non-native. Her work shows the influence of the Confessional poets; indeed, she was a student in Anne Sexton's graduate poetry seminar at Boston University at the time of Sexton's suicide. She is also associated with the New Formalist movement in contemporary poetry, although she has published free verse as well as formal verse. Her formal poems tend to bend the rules of poetic forms and employ slant rhyme. Life. Kane grew up in Massachusetts, upstate New York, and New Jersey. Her father, Edwin Julian Kane, was a radio and TV newscaster, and her mother, Nanette Spillane Kane, was a grade school teacher who published a handful of articles and short
Hidden Valley Kings The Hidden Valley Kings is a neighborhood-based gang in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was formed in Hidden Valley, a neighborhood located between Sugar Creek Road, Interstate 85, and North Tryon Street. The Hidden Valley Kings were formed by a former Vice Lords member who moved to Charlotte in the early 1980's. Initially, the gang was named Kings, standing for Krucial Islamic Nubian Gods. Eventually, the neighborhood gained independence as a gang and started to call themselves the Hidden Valley Kings, or HVK for short. They represented themselves with the color green and many members wore dreadlocks as a symbol of freedom. They also began organizing the neighborhood, mimicking the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, dividing it into three zones. The Hidden Valley Kings don't have too many known enemies but within the neighborhood, some members have been known to have altercations between Bloods and MS-13. On November 28, 2005, members of the Hidden Valley Kings ran into a
Goin' Back Goin' Back (aka Going Back) is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King in 1966. It describes the loss of innocence that comes with adulthood along with an attempt, on the part of the singer, to recapture that youthful innocence. The song has been recorded by many different artists, including Dusty Springfield, Goldie Zelkowitz, The Byrds, Elkie Brooks, Deacon Blue, Marianne Faithfull, Bill Drummond (of The KLF), Nils Lofgren, Freddie Mercury (on a Larry Lurex single), The Move, The New Seekers, The Pretenders, Diana Ross, Richard Thompson, Phil Collins and Bon Jovi as well as by Carole King herself. Dusty Springfield's version. Although Goldie (of Goldie & The Gingerbreads) was the first artist to record the song, her version was withdrawn following disagreements with Goffin and King over the song's lyrics. Carole King then decided to record Goin' Back herself but ultimately she offered it to Dusty Springfield instead. Dusty went on to have an
Hank Green William Henry Hank Green ll (born 5 May 1980) is an American entrepreneur, musician, and vlogger. He is best known for his YouTube channel Vlogbrothers where he regularly uploads videos along with his brother, John Green. He is also the creator of the online environmental technology blog EcoGeek, and the developer of Subbable. He is involved with several other channels on YouTube, including Crash Course, SciShow, The Lizzie Bennet Diaries, The Brain Scoop, and Sexplanations. Personal life. Green was born in Birmingham, Alabama, and his family soon moved to Orlando, Florida, where he was raised. He graduated from Winter Park High School in 1998 and then earned a bachelor's degree in biochemistry from Eckerd College and a master's degree in environmental studies from the University of Montana. Green currently resides in Missoula, Montana, with his wife Katherine, their cat Cameo, and their dog Lemon. Brotherhood 2.0. From January 1 to December 31, 2007, Green and his brother
BBC Archives The BBC Archives are collections documenting the BBC's broadcasting history, including copies of television and radio broadcasts, internal documents, photographs, online content, sheet music, commercially available music, press cuttings and historic equipment. These collections are kept as both original copies, but are now in the process of being digitised, estimated to take until approximately 2015, with some collections now being uploaded onto the BBC Archives website on BBC Online for viewers to see. The archive is one of the largest broadcast archives in the world with over 12 million items. Overview. The BBC Archives encompass numerous different archives containing different materials produced or acquired by the BBC. The earliest material dates back to 1890 and now consists of 1 million hours of playable material, in addition to documents, photographs and equipment. The archives contain 12 million items on 66 miles of shelving spread over several sites. The stock is managed using a bar code system, which help
Lotte Verbeek Lotte Verbeek (born 24 June 1982 in Venlo, Netherlands) is an award-winning Dutch actress, dancer and model. Her most famous role is Giulia Farnese in The Borgias television series created by Neil Jordan. Early life. Lotte Verbeek was educated at Gymnasium Collegium Marianum in Venlo and graduated in 2008 at the Theaterschool in Amsterdam. From 1999, Verbeek attended the Dance Academy in Arnhem and the Amsterdam Academy of Jazz/Musical Theatre and Dance, where she graduated in 2006. During her studies she worked as a dancer and model for photographer Erwin Olaf. Career. After completing high school, Verbeek started her acting career performing lead roles in Dutch movies such as Moes (2006) and LEFT (2007), in which she plays five double roles. In 2009 she won the Leopard for best actress at the Locarno International Film Festival for her role of Anne in Nothing Personal, Dutch movie directed by Urszula Antoniak. For the same part she was also
Umberto I of Italy Umberto I or Humbert I (, ; 14 March 1844 – 29 July 1900), nicknamed the Good (in Italian il Buono), was the King of Italy from 9 January 1878 until his death. Umberto's reign saw Italy attempt colonial expansion into East Africa, successfully gaining Eritrea and Somalia despite being defeated by Abyssinia at the Battle of Adowa in 1886. In 1882, he approved the Triple Alliance with the German Empire and Austria-Hungary. He was deeply loathed in leftist circles, because of his conservatism and support of the Bava-Beccaris massacre in Milan. He was especially hated by anarchists, who attempted an assassination on him during the first year of his reign. He was killed by another anarchist, Gaetano Bresci, two years after the Bava-Bacharis massacre. Youth. The son of Victor Emmanuel II and Archduchess Adelaide of Austria, Umberto was born in Turin, which was then capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia, on 14 March 1844,
Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program, commonly known as CARP, is an agrarian reform law of the Philippines passed in 1988. It is part of the long history of attempts at land reform in the Philippines. It is Republic Act No. 6657. The law was outlined by former President Corazon C. Aquino through Presidential Proclamation 131 and Executive Order 229 on June 22, 1987. The law was enacted by the 8th Congress of the Philippines and signed by Aquino on June 10, 1988. In this program, all lands exceeding seven hectares were bought by the government and sold to the landless farmers. Owners of lands were paid through installment basis for 15 years. Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Extension with Reforms. Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program Extension with Reforms, known also as CALPER or CARPer, (Republic Act 9700) was an extension of CARP that was passed in 2009 and is set to expire in 2014. In December 2008, the
Child pornography laws in Australia Child pornography laws in Australia prohibit all sexual depictions of children under the age of 18 (or under 16 in some states). This often includes images of people who merely appear to be under 18. For instance, magazine photographs of women with A breast cup sizes have been censored in recent years, reportedly leading to an increase in the average breast size of women in Australian magazines. Furthermore, there is a zero-tolerance policy in place, which covers purely fictional children as well as real children. The possession, production, distribution, import, export, sale, or access over the internet of child pornography is punishable by a maximum of 10 years imprisonment and/or a fine up to A$120,000 as well as sex offender register requirements. Japanese anime. In August 2007, an Australian was sentenced to pay an A$9,000 fine for attempting to import eight DVDs of Japanese anime found to contain pornographic depictions of children and 14
Radioactive iodine uptake test The radioactive iodine uptake test, or RAIU test, is a type of scan used in the diagnosis of thyroid problems, particularly hyperthyroidism. It is entirely different from radioactive iodine therapy (RAI therapy), which uses much higher doses to destroy cancerous cells. The RAIU test is also used as a follow up to RAI therapy to verify that no thyroid cells survived, which could potentially still be cancerous. The patient swallows radioactive iodine in the form of capsule or fluid, and its absorption by the thyroid is studied after 4–6 hours and after 24 hours with the aid of a scintillation counter. The dose is typically 0.15–0.37 MBq (4–10 μCi) of 131I sodium iodide, or 3.7–7.4 MBq (100–200 μCi) of 123I sodium iodide. The normal uptake is between 15 and 25 percent, but this may be forced down if, in the meantime, the patient has eaten foods high in iodine, such as dairy products and seafood.
Ip Ching Ip Ching is a Grandmaster of the Chinese Martial Art Wing Chun, one of five still living Grandmasters of the Ip Man (Yip Man) family of Wing Chun Gung Fu. Biography. Ip Ching (Ip Hok Ching Chinese 葉學正 )(born in Foshan, China in 1936) is the second eldest son of Yip Man. At a young age Ip Ching started his training along with his brother Ip Chun, under his master Yip Man (also his father). However this was short lived as his father had to leave and travel to Hong Kong in search of a better life for his family. In 1962 Ip Ching and his older brother Ip Chun were reunited with their father in Hong Kong. Ip Ching resumed his training under Ip Man’s direct guidance. Yip Man taught from his home and today this is where Ip Ching resides. As well as learning Wing Chun at his father’s home Ip Ching also was an
Isabella I of Castile Isabella I (, Old Spanish: Ysabel I; 22 April 1451 – 26 November 1504), also known as Isabella the Catholic, was queen of Castile and León (Crown of Castile). She and her husband, Ferdinand II of Aragon, brought stability to the kingdoms that became the basis for the political unification of Spain under their grandson, Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. After a struggle to claim her right to the throne, she reorganized the governmental system, brought the crime rate to the lowest it had been in years, and unburdened the kingdom of the enormous debt her brother had left behind. Her reforms and those she made with her husband had an influence that extended well beyond the borders of their united kingdoms. Isabella and Ferdinand are known for completing the Reconquista, ordering conversion or exile of their Muslim and Jewish subjects and for supporting and financing Christopher Columbus' 1492 voyage that led to the opening
Kartvelian languages The Kartvelian languages () (also known as South Caucasian) are a language family native to the Caucasus and spoken primarily in Georgia, with large groups of native speakers in Russia, the United States, the European Union, Israel, and northeastern parts of Turkey. There are approximately 5.2 million speakers of Kartvelian languages worldwide. It is not known to be related to any other language family, making it one of the world's primary language families. The first literary source in a Kartvelian language (the inscription of Abba Antoni, composed in ancient Georgian script at the Georgian monastery near Bethlehem) dates back to 430 AD. Social and cultural status. Georgian is the official language of Georgia (spoken by 90% of the population) and the main language for literary and business use for all Kartvelian speakers in Georgia. It is written with an original and distinctive alphabet, and the oldest surviving literary text dates from the 5th century AD — the
Kailasakona Falls Kailasakona - water falls - 80 km(Picnic spot.) Kailasakona is a beautiful perennial waterfall, situated in the Nagari valley of Chittoor District. This sacred waterfall is rich in minerals and possesses medicinal powers. A small temple of Shiva and Parvati is seen nearby. The waterfalls can be accessed easily from Tirupati. Photo Links http://www.panoramio.com/photo/6348432  
Ethnic groups in Rwanda The most prevalent ethnic groups in Rwanda are the Hutus (about 85% of the population), the Tutsis (14%), and the Twa (1%). Starting with the Tutsi feudal monarchy rule of the Tenth century, the Hutus were a subjugated social group. It was not until Belgian colonization that the tensions between the Hutus and Tutsis became focused on race, the Belgians propagating the myth that Tutsis were the superior ethnicity. The resulting tensions would eventually foster the slaughtering of Tutsis in the Rwandan genocide. Since then, government policy has changed to recognize one main ethnicity: Rwandan. Pre-colonial background of Rwanda. When Europeans first explored the region around the Great Lakes of Chad that has since become Rwanda, they created an interpretation of the people found in the region as three racially distinct tribes, coexisting in a complex social order: the Tutsis, Hutus, and Twa. The Tutsis, an elite minority of about 14% of the population, were
Toby Regbo Toby Regbo (born 18 October 1991) is an English actor who has appeared in film, television and theatre. Early life. He was born Toby Finn Regbo in London, England. His father's family is of Norwegian origin. Regbo is a made-up name chosen by an ancestor to replace the common Norwegian name of Hanson, and Toby is related to all of the twenty or so Regbos that there are in the world, as of 2011. His maternal grandparents were an Italian cruise ship captain and an Australian ballerina, but his mother was born and brought up in London. He attended Latymer Upper School in West London. His interest in acting started with plays at school; later on, he attended Young Blood Theatre Company. Career. Regbo started his acting career with a small role in 2006 ITV television film Sharpe's Challenge. In 2007, he played American teen spy Chad Turner in an episode of CBBC children's spy-fi adventure series
Arsenal F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry The Arsenal F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry is a notable rivalry in English football as both clubs are recognised as having great history and traditions. Although the two clubs have frequently been in the same division as each other since 1919, the rivalry has largely arisen since around 1990. Many of the clashes in recent times between the two teams in the late 1990s and early 2000s have been due to the teams being fierce rivals for the Premier League and FA Cup. There is also enmity between English football's longest serving managers, Arsenal's Arsène Wenger and United's Sir Alex Ferguson, and their former club captains Patrick Vieira and Roy Keane. The rivalry has been noted for on-field trouble, particularly the contests in 1990, cumulating in 2003 and 2004. In recent years with Manchester United being less competitive, the rivalry has dimished somewhat, according to former Arsenal player Lee Dixon, while Manchester United has also
Seiðr Seiðr (sometimes anglicized as seidhr, seidh, seidr, seithr or seith) is an Old Norse term for a type of sorcery which was practised in Norse society during the Late Scandinavian Iron Age. Connected with Norse religion, its origins are largely unknown, although it gradually eroded following the Christianization of Scandinavia. Accounts of seiðr later made it into sagas and other literary sources, while further evidence has been unearthed by archaeologists. Various scholars have debated the nature of seiðr, some arguing that it was shamanic in context, involving visionary journeys by its practitioners. Seiðr practitioners were of both genders, although females are more widely attested, with such sorceresses being variously known as vǫlur, seiðkonur and vísendakona. There were also accounts of male practitioners, known as seiðmenn, but in practising magic they brought a social taboo, known as ergi, on to themselves, and were sometimes persecuted as a result. In many cases these magical practitioners would have had assistants to
Tin-Tin Kyrano Tin-Tin Kyrano is a character in the mid-1960s British television show Thunderbirds. In the original TV series and its original movie adaptations, Tin-Tin, like the other characters, is portrayed using a marionette, and Christine Finn provided her voice. Tin-Tin is the daughter of Kyrano, an old friend of Jeff Tracy and joins the International Rescue team shortly after they begin operating. Ironically, Tin-Tin becomes involved in their first rescue mission when she is onboard Fireflash which due to sabotage by her half uncle The Hood has to be rescued by International Rescue. Tin-Tin has a variety of roles on Tracy Island from playing secretary to Jeff (Terror In New York City), laboratory and engineering assistant to Brains (City Of Fire, Danger At Ocean Deep) and sometimes accompanies International Rescue on their missions, most notably the rescue of the Sun probe spaceship (Sun Probe). She is also known to accompany Lady Penelope on espionage missions (The Cham Cham).
Earth Quest Adventures Earth Quest Adventures is a resort located in New Caney, Texas, approximately north of Houston that is scheduled to open to the public in 2014 or 2015. Contour Entertainment is the resort's master planner and lead designer. The planned resort will include a theme park as well as a water park, hotel, conference center, retail and office developments. The size of the theme park is reported to be on opening. The first phase was planned to begin in 2008. The creator and founder of the park describes it as a $500 million project with about 50 rides, including being inside a volcano, an ice cave, as well as coasters, and technologies that haven’t been used before. On November 17, 2010, Earth Quest was redesigned to cut the cost from $500 million to $300 million and to add construction phases. These changes are being made to secure and satisfy the project's investors. According to the official Contour
No homo The phrases no homo and pause are slang terms. They parenthetically assert that the speaker of such does not have any homosexual intent and are usually used after an utterance that may have given that impression. History. The term no homo originated in East Harlem slang of the early 1990s. It was used by many to distance themselves from the stereotype of closeted gay and bisexual men. Criticism. Several social commentators have criticized the use of both no homo and pause in hip hop and in the mainstream. It has been said that the phrases uphold an unhealthy relationship with homosexuality, a relationship based in fear. Fox News commentator Marc Lamont Hill encouraged the hip-hop community to stop using no homo in its music. At the same time, Slate columnist Jonah Weiner suggested the use of the phrase is somewhat more complex. Weiner notes several hip hop artistssuch as Cam'ron and Lil Waynecultivate an extravagant and camp
Leila Pahlavi Princess Leila Pahlavi , (27 March 1970 – 10 June 2001), born in Tehran, Iran was the youngest daughter of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran, and his third wife, Farah Pahlavi. Early life. Leila was born on 27 March 1970 in Tehran. She was the fourth child of the Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and the Empress Farah Pahlavi. In exile. She was nine years old when her family was forced into exile as a result of the Iranian Revolution. Following her father's death in Egypt from non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 1980, the family settled in the United States. She graduated from Rye Country Day School in 1988 and went on to attend a state school in Massachusetts before going on to study at Brown University, graduating in 1992. Pahlavi never married and spent most of her time commuting between her home in Greenwich, Connecticut, and Paris where her mother lives. A onetime model for the designer Valentino,
Easy Rock Network Easy Rock is a radio network in the Philippines owned by Cebu Broadcasting Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of Manila Broadcasting Company) due to radio ownership guidelines in the Philippines. Its main studios are located in Star City Complex, Pasay City, Metro Manila, with nine regional stations located throughout the Philippines. The main format of the Easy Rock network of stations is lite rock music. History. The Easy Rock Network was formed on May 18, 2009. The formation of the Easy Rock Network started with an initial rebrand of the newly acquired DWRK radio station, which MBC bought from the ACWS-United Broadcasting network on October 6, 2008. The Easy Rock network was later expanded by rebranding a number of former Yes FM stations, Love Radio and Hot FM stations to Easy Rock. The format of Easy Rock resembles of the WRock Format. Easy Rock stations. Easy Rock is also broadcast to 9 provincial stations in the
Demographics of Berlin As of March 2010, the city-state of Berlin had a population of 3,440,441 registered inhabitants in an area of . The city's population density was 3,848 inhabitants per km² (9,966/sq mi). The urban area of Berlin stretches beyond the city limits and comprises about 3.7 million people, while the metropolitan area of the Berlin-Brandenburg region is home to about 4.3 million in an area of . In 2004, The Larger Urban Zone was home to over 4.9 million people in an area of 17,385 km². Overview. National and international migration into the city has a long history. In 1685, following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in France, the city responded with the Edict of Potsdam, which guaranteed religious freedom and tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years. The Greater Berlin Act in 1920 incorporated many suburbs and surrounding cities of Berlin. It formed most of the territory that comprises modern Berlin. The
Trevor Ferrell Trevor Ferrell (b. c. 1972) is an advocate for homeless people. He started Trevor’s Campaign for the Homeless in 1983, when he was 11 years old. On December 8, 1983, he watched a news program on street people. This prompted him to ask his parents, Frank and Janet Ferrell, how he could help. They drove their son into Philadelphia that night to give bedding to a homeless man who was sleeping on the sidewalk in front of the Union League in Center City. He later established a shelter called Trevor's Place with the help of his parents. A book titled Trevor's Place was written by his father and published in 1985. He was honored for his efforts by President Ronald Reagan in his 1986 State of the Union address. A TV movie titled Christmas on Division Street aired in 1991 with Fred Savage as Trevor. A 1994 episode of the series titled Brotherly Love: The Trevor Ferrell
Mark Hentemann Mark Hentemann is an American animation writer. He is currently the executive producer and showrunner of the animated series Family Guy, where he started as a writer in its first season. In addition, Hentemann has also provided voices for many minor characters on Family Guy, including the Phony Guy and Opie. Hentemann has also written for the Late Show with David Letterman. Career. Hentemann grew up in Cleveland, Ohio, and began his career as a greeting card writer and illustrator for American Greetings. His cards caught the interest of David Letterman and allowed him his first job in television writing for The Late Show. Mark Hentemann joined Family Guy in its first season as a writer, and is currently executive producer and showrunner, along with fellow writer Steve Callaghan. He has written, produced and provided voice acting on several half-hours, including 3 South, which he created for MTV. Personal life. Mark Hentemann now lives in Los Angeles
Electromeric effect This effect is shown by those compounds containing multiple bonds. When a double bond or triple bond is exposed to an attack by a reagent, a pair of bonding electrons involved in the pi bond is transferred completely fron one atom to another. This effect will remain till the attacking reagent is present. As soonas the reagent is removed, the polarized molecule will come back to the original state. Electromeric effect refers to a molecular polarizability effect occurring by an intramolecular electron displacement (sometimes called the ‘conjugative mechanism’ and, previously, the ‘tautomeric mechanism’) characterized by the substitution of one electron pair for another within the same atomic octet of electrons. However, this term is now considered and this effect is considered along with the inductive effect. +E and -E groups. Electromeric effect can be classified into +E and -E effects based on the direction of transfer of the electron pair. When the electron pair moves towards the
Weather pains Weather pains or weather related pain classified as Other specified adverse effects not elsewhere classified, is a phenomenon that occurs when people feel pain, particularly joint pain or migraine headaches correlating with changes in barometric pressure and other weather phenomena. Overview. The majority of people who suffer from conditions such as arthritis report feeling severe or less commonly moderate pain when a weather front is approaching. Symptoms also occur when the humidity level changes and when precipitation manifests itself or changes pattern. Other conditions reported in relation to this are any bone injuries, osteoporosis, fibromyalgia, and carpal tunnel syndrome. Victims of explosives also suffer from similar pains due to micro-fractures along their skeletal system. History. The perceived relationship between changes in weather and pain has been recorded since the classical Roman age. Hippocrates was the first to note, in about 400 B.C., that many illnesses were related to changes in season. The large body of folklore about
Arturo Guzmán Decena Arturo Guzmán Decena (a.k.a. Z-1) (13 January 1976 − 21 November 2002) was a Mexican Army Special Forces soldier who, in 1997, defected to the Gulf Cartel, where he founded and commanded Los Zetas, the mercenary gang at the service of the cartel's drug lord, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén. Guzmán Decena was born in a poor family in Puebla and joined the military as a teenager to escape from poverty. While in the military, he was a talented and bright soldier, earning a position in the Special Forces of the Mexican military by the mid-1990s. During his military career, Guzmán Decena received counter-insurgency training, acquired skills in explosives, and learned how to track down and apprehend his enemies from an elite combat group trained by the U.S. Special Forces and the Israel Defense Forces. He began to take bribes from the Gulf Cartel while still serving in the military, but eventually defected to work full-time for the
Craig Glenday Craig Glenday (born 31 May 1973) is the editor-in-chief of the Guinness World Records. Glenday's interest in Guinness World Records began in 1983, when he was ten, and received the book as a present. Career. Prior to working at Guinness World Records, Glenday had previously been a church organist, a theatre-pit drummer and a food critic, as well as a medical photographer.  
Andreu Fontàs Andreu Fontàs i Prat (; born 14 November 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo mainly as a central defender. Club career. Early years. Born in Banyoles, Girona, Catalonia, Fontàs was a product of FC Barcelona's youth system, having previously played for amateurs CD Banyoles for 11 years. Originally a defensive midfielder, he was reconverted into central defender by the B-team's coach Luis Enrique, a former Barcelona player. Barcelona. Fontàs made his first team debut on 31 August 2009, replacing another La Masia graduate, Gerard Piqué, in the final six minutes of a 3–0 La Liga home win against Sporting de Gijón. Earlier into the 2009–10 season he was called by manager Pep Guardiola to the Spanish Supercup and UEFA Super Cup games, respectively against Athletic Bilbao and FC Shakhtar Donetsk, but finally did not make the bench on either occasion. Fontàs spent the vast majority of his first senior seasons registered
1964 PRL symmetry breaking papers In 1964 three teams proposed related but different approaches to explain how mass could arise in local gauge theories. These three, now famous, papers were written by Robert Brout and François Englert, Peter Higgs, and Gerald Guralnik, C. Richard Hagen, and Tom Kibble, and are credited with the theory of the Higgs mechanism and the prediction of the Higgs field and Higgs boson. Together, these provide a theoretical means by which Goldstone's theorem (a problematic limitation affecting early modern particle physics theories) can be avoided. They show how gauge bosons can acquire non-zero masses as a result of spontaneous symmetry breaking within gauge invariant models of the universe. As such, these form the key element of the electroweak theory that forms part of the Standard Model of particle physics, and of many models, such as the Grand Unified Theory, that go beyond it. The papers that introduce this mechanism were published in Physical Review
Balancing rock A balancing rock, also called balanced rock or precarious boulder, is a naturally occurring geological formation featuring a large rock or boulder, sometimes of substantial size, resting on other rocks, bedrock or on glacial till. Some formations known by this name only appear to be balancing but are in fact firmly connected to a base rock by a pedestal or stem. There is no single scientific definition of the term, and it has been applied to a variety of rock features that fall into one of four general categories: Famous balancing rocks. Africa. Zimbabwe Asia and Australia. Australia North America. Canada United States  
Heroes of Woodstock Tour The Heroes of Woodstock Tour was a North American concert tour celebrating the 40th anniversary of the 1969 Woodstock Festival. The tour featured several bands, most of which performed at the original Woodstock festival or feature members that performed at the festival. The musicians featured differed slightly from venue to venue but most of the concerts featured Jefferson Starship, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Canned Heat, Ten Years After and Tom Constanten. Some dates featured Melanie, Edgar Winter, John Sebastian, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Mountain and the Levon Helm Band. Country Joe McDonald hosted all of the concerts, playing a couple of songs in between the different sets. Soundboard Downloads. With every ticket to a Heroes of Woodstock performance the ticket holder received a free soundboard download of the concert they attended in .mp3 format. The downloads became available one to five days after a concert ended and were be available for free for three
Balanced salt solution A balanced salt solution (BSS) is a solution made to a physiological pH and salt concentration. Solutions most commonly include sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and chloride. Balanced salt solutions are used for washing tissues and cells and are usually combined with other agents to treat the tissues and cells. They provide the cells with water and inorganic ions, while maintaining a physiological pH and osmotic pressure. Sometimes glucose is added as an energy source and phenol red is used as a pH indicator. In medicine, balanced salt solutions can be used as an irrigation solution such as during intraocular surgery and to replace intraocular fluids.  
Yamaha Crux The Yamaha Crux is a 106 cc, single-cylinder four-stroke motorcycle made by India Yamaha Motor. The Crux is designed for Indian and neighboring markets. Its upgraded version is known as the Yamaha Libero G5. Unlike Libero G5, Crux has round head lights. Although it shares the same engine with Yamaha Libero, Crux is targeted towards the lowest end of the low end segment (100 cc segment) A different version of crux known as crux r was introduced with the same specifications but rectangular headlights. But after it could not make a considerable sales, the production was halted.  
Sport in Cuba Sports are Cuba's national passion. Due to historical associations with the United States, many Cubans participate in sports which are popular in North America, rather than sports traditionally promoted in other Latin American nations. Baseball is by far the most popular; other sports and pastimes include football (soccer), basketball, volleyball, and athletics. Cuba is a dominant force in amateur boxing, consistently achieving high medal tallies in major international competitions. Baseball and boxing are the most popular sports in Cuba, the former being the national sport. Association football is commonly played as well. The Cuban Sports Program. Post Revolutionary Cuba prides itself on its success in sports. What the Revolution has done for sports in Cuba can be summed up by the phrase “Sport for All.” Fidel Castro believes that sports should be “the right of the people,” not the right of the wealthy. He compared Pre-Revolutionary and Post-Revolutionary Cuba by explaining that while before only the
Baby Darling Doll Face Honey Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is the debut album for English alternative rock band Band of Skulls. It was released on April 7, 2009 in England and July 28, 2009 in America. The artwork is based on paintings by bass player/vocalist Emma Richardson. Baby Darling Doll Face Honey was produced, recorded and mixed by Ian Davenport, (Supergrass, Badly Drawn Boy), and recorded at Courtyard Studios in Oxfordshire and mixed at the House of Blues studio in Los Angeles. The special edition of this CD available at Best Buy includes a live version of the song I Know What I Am and an acoustic version of the song Fires. The vinyl release includes the additional track Hollywood Bowl, placed at the end of Side 1 after Patterns. The first single I Know What I Am was released as the single of the week in Canada. The album's first track Light of the Morning, was featured
Neveldine/Taylor Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, known together professionally as Neveldine & Taylor or Neveldine/Taylor, are American filmmakers. Their written and directed productions are known for being dark, edgy and over the top, while maintaining a small budget. Both Neveldine and Taylor have written and directed several films together that include Crank, and its sequel, . Films. Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor made their feature film debut with Crank, a 2006 film starring Jason Statham. The duo later wrote and produced the 2008 thriller Pathology. In 2009, Neveldine and Taylor wrote and directed ', a sequel to Crank, and Gamer, a science fiction action thriller starring Gerard Butler. The duo were originally slated to direct the film adaptation of DC Comics's Jonah Hex, but stepped down due to creative differences with film distributor Warner Bros. They are still credited as screenwriters for the film. The duo directed ' (2012), the sequel to Ghost Rider. Cinematography. Neveldine and Taylor frequently
Manuel Chua Manuel Chua (born October 29, 1980) is a Filipino male model and actor. He was discovered in the Filipino version of the reality game show Pinoy Fear Factor which was aired on ABS-CBN, from November 2008 to February 2009. Hailing from the far-flung land of Nueva Ecija, Chua traveled for 36 hours in an airplane to Argentina where he came face to face with snakes, was dunked into icy cold water, ate all sorts of unnamable foodstuff and became a celebrity. He was just this guy based in Nueva Ecija with a small appliance retail store and a four year-old daughter, when he was in Argentina with the rest of the contestant, all they had to focus on were the stunts, and their growing competitiveness as more people were sent home. Eventually Manuel was one of the few left, and from the fan posting at the Pinoy Fear Factor Website SuperManuel is the favorite to win. Though
Fable III Fable III is the third video game in the Fable series of action role-playing open world video games. The game was published by Microsoft Game Studios and developed by Lionhead Studios for the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The story focuses on the player character's struggle to overthrow the King of Albion by forming alliances and building support for a revolution. After a successful revolt, the player becomes the monarch and is tasked with attempting to defend Albion from a great evil. The game was released on 29 October 2010 for Xbox 360 and on 20 May 2011 for PC via both Games for Windows and Steam. The PC version includes a Hardcore mode and 3D functionality not found in the Xbox 360 version. The game includes the voice acting from Ben Kingsley, Stephen Fry, Simon Pegg, Michael Fassbender, Zoë Wanamaker, Bernard Hill, Nicholas Hoult and John Cleese. Synopsis. Plot. Fable III is set 50 years after
Sadh The Sadh is one of the few endogamous which come under Hinduism They call the God in the name Satavgat, which means the true name. Their customs and traditions are similar to Hinduism from where most of the members are recruited. Their population is mainly concentrated in Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan and Punjab. The Origin. The following paragraph is the story of the Sadh origin as per Sadh belief & their holy book. Sadh community has an entire different picture of the creation of Earth, creation of mankind and the entire natural process of everything we see and do in our life. They believe in the supreme power which is above all other Hindu deities, Sat Avgat literal meaning: sat se avgat hona; for them its the true creator. Sadh community pray to their creator Satgur Saheb. Rumors have it that this sect was started by Birbhan Sadh but the Sadh holy book Nirvaan Gyaan has mentioned that
Patwa The Patwa are a mainly Hindu and Jain community, who originated from North India. Traditionally they were weavers and engaged in jewellery-making business and worked with silver and golden threads. History. According to the traditions of the Patwa, they descend from a deota (a Hindu god). The Patwa have many sub-groups, the Devvanshi,Deval,Patkar, Raghuvanshi and Kanaujia Khandelwal. They principally fall under vaish (Baniya) category. However some sub-groups come in the (kayastha) category. The Patwa are an endogamous community, and follow the principle of gotra exogamy. Maheshvaris are also patwas of the baniya category. They are Hindu and Jain, and worship the goddess Bhagwati and Mahavira. Like other Hindu artisan castes, the Patwa have a traditional caste council, which settles issues of divorce, minor disputes and cases of adultery. Present Circumstances. The Patwa are involved in selling women's decorative articles like earrings, necklaces and cosmetics. They also deal in small household items, such as hand fans made of palm.
Montori Hughes Montori Hughes (born August 25, 1990) is an American football nose tackle for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). Hughes played college football for the University of Tennessee at Martin. The Indianapolis Colts selected him in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft. Early years. Hughes was born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. He attended Siegel High School in Murfreesboro, where he was a three-year starter and led the Siegel Stars high school football team in tackles with 106, tackles-for-loss with 25 and sacks with 13 as a senior in 2007. He was named the Region 4-5A Defensive MVP, all-region, all-area and all-county and participated in the Toyota East-West All-Star Classic in 2007. Also starring in basketball, Hughes averaged double figures in scoring and rebounding for Siegel High School. Rated only a two-star recruit by Rivals.com, Hughes was not ranked among the best defensive tackle prospects in the nation. Scout.com, which listed Hughes as a
Robert Pattinson Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson (born 13 May 1986) is an English actor, model, musician and producer. Pattinson started his career by playing Cedric Diggory in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. He later landed the leading role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels by Stephenie Meyer, and came to worldwide fame, thus establishing himself among the highest paid and most bankable actors in Hollywood. In 2010, Pattinson was named one of TIME magazine's 100 Most Influential People in The World, and also in the same year Forbes ranked him as one of the most powerful celebrities in the world in the Forbes Celebrity 100. Since the Twilight series ended in 2012, Pattinson has ventured into doing small independent films. Early life. Pattinson was born in London, England. His father, Richard, imported vintage cars from America, and his mother, Clare, worked for a modelling agency. Pattinson has two elder sisters, singer Lizzy
Martín Silva Martín Andrés Silva Leites (born March 25, 1983) is a Uruguayan footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Paraguayan Primera Division side Club Olimpia and the Uruguay national football team. Club career. Silva has played all of his professional career in Defensor Sporting, starting in 2002. In 2010, while playing with Defensor in Argentina for the Copa Sudamericana, the goalkeeper was attacked with a rock to the head, thrown by an Independiente fan. Nonetheless, the game continued and Defensor was eliminated. In August 2011, he signed a four-year contract with the Paraguayan club Olimpia. International career. Silva has appeared on Uruguay´s youth teams such us the Uruguay national under-17 football team and the Uruguay national under-20 football team during 2000 to 2002. He won his first international cap for Uruguay in a friendly match against Algeria, on August 12, 2009. He was included in the starting line-up of players for that match. Silva was also
Rubens Charles Maciel Rubens Charles Maciel (b. December 24, 1979), aka Cobrinha and sometimes referred to as Rubens Cobrinha Charles, is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor. He is considered the best featherweight in the decade and to be among the best pound for pound jiu jitsu competitors in the world. Cobrinha is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Fernando Terere Augusto and a member of Alliance Jiu Jitsu. Cobrinha has won a total of six world championship titles in Brazilian jiu-jitsu as a black belt in the featherweight (or lightweight) category. He started training BJJ in 2000, received his black belt in 2005, and has since medaled in every World Jiu-Jitsu Championship in which he has competed - a total of ten. He is known for his attacking style of jiu jitsu and, in particular, for his guard. His guard was voted the best Guard of the Decade by fellow World Champions. Before opening his own school
Anirudh Agarwal Anirudh Agarwal (born 1 December 1949) is an Indian actor known for his work in Bollywood, especially for portraying evil or demonic characters. Agarwal stands at a height of , and is well known for his appearances in horror films such as Purana Mandir, Bandh Darwaza, and Saamri as well as Zee Horror Show in the episode Taveez. Fans all over the world have created communities for him on social network places like Orkut and Facebook as a sign of token of their appreciation for his work.  
Momin Ansari The Momin Ansari () or Ansari, are a Muslim community, found mainly in West and North India, and the province of Sindh in Pakistan. A small number of Ansaris are also found in the Terai region of Nepal. The community is believed to be an offshoot of the Hindu weaver caste who converted to Islam, and are sometimes called Ansari. In North India, the community are known as Ansari, while in Maharashtra the community is known as Momin. . History and origin. The Momin Ansari (Historically known as Julaha) are a community of Muslim weavers. According to some sources, they are descended from a number of Hindu weaving castes, principally the Kori, that at some time in the past converted to Islam. The word Julaha (جولاهه) is of Persian origin meaning weaver, originating from the word jula juha, meaning a ball of thread. . It is possible that Ansari are an amalgamation of a number of different
Japanese badger The Japanese badger (Meles anakuma) is a species of carnivoran of the family Mustelidae, the weasels and their kin. It is endemic to Japan, where it is found on Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku, and Shodoshima. It shares the genus Meles with the Asian and European badgers. Description. Japanese badgers are smaller (average length in males, in females) and less sexually dimorphic (except in the size of the canine teeth) than their European counterparts. Tail length is between . Adults usually weigh from . The torso is blunt and limbs are short. The front feet are equipped with powerful digging claws. The claws on hind feet are smaller. The upper coat has long gray-brown hair. Ventral hair is short and black. The face has characteristic black-white stripes that are not as distinct as in the European badger. The dark color is concentrated around the eyes. The skull is smaller than in the European badger. Origin. The absence of badgers
LGA 1156 LGA 1156, also known as Socket H or H1, is an Intel desktop CPU socket. LGA stands for land grid array. Its incompatible successor is LGA 1155. LGA 1156, along with LGA 1366, were designed to replace LGA 775. Whereas LGA 775 processors connect to a northbridge using the Front Side Bus, LGA 1156 processors integrate the features traditionally located on a northbridge on the processor itself. The LGA 1156 socket allows the following connections to be made from the processor to the rest of the system: LGA 1156 socket and processors were discontinued sometime in 2012, and superseded by the LGA 1155 socket. LGA 1366 was discontinued at the same time. Supported processors. All LGA 1156 processors and motherboards made to date are interoperable, making it possible to switch between a Celeron, Pentium, Core i3 or Core i5 with integrated graphics and a Core i5 or Core i7 without graphics. However, using a chip with integrated
Dalia Mogahed Dalia Mogahed (born 1974) is an American scholar of Egyptian origin. She is President and CEO of Mogahed Consulting, a Washington, D.C. based executive coaching and consulting firm specializing in Muslim societies and the Middle East. Mogahed is former Executive Director of the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies, a non-partisan research center that provided data and analysis to reflect the views of Muslims all over the world. She was selected as an advisor by U.S. President Barack Obama on the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Early life and education. Dalia was born in Cairo, Egypt and immigrated to the United States at the age of 4. She received her undergraduate degree in chemical engineering with a minor in Arabic from the University of Wisconsin. Upon graduation, Mogahed joined Procter & Gamble as a marketing products researcher. She subsequently received her MBA from the Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business at the University of
Axe to Fall Axe to Fall is the seventh studio album released by American band Converge. It was released on October 20, 2009, through Epitaph Records and was released later on in the year through Deathwish Inc. as a vinyl record. It is their second most commercially successful to date, peaking at number 74 in the Billboard 200. The album was produced by guitarist Kurt Ballou, who previously produced Converge's Jane Doe (2001), You Fail Me (2004) and No Heroes (2006), and features artwork created by lead singer Jacob Bannon. Axe to Fall is a collaborative album, which features a large number of guest musicians, including members from Cave In, Neurosis and The Red Chord among others. Axe to Fall was met with generally favorable reviews. The album fell within the universal acclaim range on the aggregate review website Metacritic, based on eight reviews. It has been referred to as the band's most accessible album to date, and was
Alastair Robinson Dr. Alastair S. Robinson (born 1980) is a British-American taxonomist and field botanist specialising in the carnivorous plant genus Nepenthes. Robinson published the first paleogeographical evidence for the radiative speciation of an enigmatic group of ultramafic Philippine and Malaysian Nepenthes from a common ancestor on the island of Borneo. In 2007, Robinson co-discovered the giant Palawan pitcher plant, Nepenthes attenboroughii, for which he authored the formal description and diagnosis. This species was the largest-pitchered Nepenthes discovered since the identification of Nepenthes rajah on Borneo in 1858. Robinson received his B.Sc. from University College London and his Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge for research into the molecular control mechanisms of spatio-temporal cell-development in plants. Specialisms include stapeliads (Apocynaceae), terrestrial orchids, ecology and conservation biology, which he has studied in southern Europe, Tanzania, Borneo and the Philippines. Works of interest include the 2009 treatment of Nepenthes and Cephalotus, Pitcher Plants of the Old World (two volumes), for which
MXR Phase 90 The MXR Phase 90 is a phaser effects pedal originally designed in the 1970s by MXR. History. The Phase 90 was released in 1974. It was the first pedal sold by MXR and helped launch the company. The original came in a simple orange enclosure with MXR's script logo. In 1977 MXR changed its logo to the current block logo. There was a transitional period in which some Phase 90’s with script logos had box logo circuits, and vice versa. Production ceased when MXR went bankrupt in 1984. When Jim Dunlop bought the MXR brand, production resumed. The Dunlop production models have modern additions including an LED to indicate when the effect is engaged and the option of using a power supply instead of a battery. There are a few variants available, including the standard block logo version, a reproduction of the script logo version, and an Eddie Van Halen signature model. The 1974 Hand Wired
EWMA chart In statistical quality control, the EWMA chart (or exponentially-weighted moving average chart) is a type of control chart used to monitor either variables or attributes-type data using the monitored business or industrial process's entire history of output. While other control charts treat rational subgroups of samples individually, the EWMA chart tracks the exponentially-weighted moving average of all prior sample means. EWMA weights samples in geometrically decreasing order so that the most recent samples are weighted most highly while the most distant samples contribute very little. Although the normal distribution is the basis of the EWMA chart, the chart is also relatively robust in the face of non-normally distributed quality characteristics. There is, however, an adaptation of the chart that accounts for quality characteristics that are better modeled by the Poisson distribution. The chart monitors only the process mean; monitoring the process variability requires the use of some other technique. The EWMA control chart requires a knowledgeable person
Saint-Nazaire submarine base The submarine base of Saint-Nazaire is a large fortified U-boat pen built by the Germans during the Second World War in Saint Nazaire. It is one of the five large submarine bases built by the Third Reich in Occupied France. History. Before the Second World War, Saint-Nazaire was one of the largest harbours of the Atlantic coast of France. During the Battle of France, the German Army arrived in Saint Nazaire in June 1940. The harbour was immediately used for submarine operations, with U-46 arriving as soon as 29 September 1940. In December, a mission of the Organisation Todt (Oberbauleitung Süd) inspected the harbour to study the possibilities to build a submarine base invulnerable to air bombing from England. Work soon began under the supervision of engineer Probst. The selected space was that of the docks and buildings of the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, that were rased. Building began in February 1941 with pens 6,7 and 8,
Ohio State–Penn State football rivalry The Ohio State–Penn State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry game played annually by the Buckeyes of Ohio State University and the Nittany Lions of The Pennsylvania State University. Before Penn State joined the Big Ten Conference in 1990, Ohio State and Penn State only played eight times, the last of which was in the 1980 Fiesta Bowl. After Penn State joined the Big Ten, the rivalry continued as an annual conference game. Series history. 1912–80: Pre-Big Ten era. Penn State won the first four meetings in the series, however these meetings spread across 53 seasons, between 1912 and 1964. The first ever match-up was held in Columbus, Ohio in November 1912. Penn State had just come off a 8–0–1 season in 1911. All of the experts had picked Ohio State to win this game in a blowout. However, it was the Nittany Lions shutting the Buckeyes out, 37–0. It would not
1960s in music For music from a year in the 1960s, go to 60 | 61 | 62 | 63 | 64 | 65 | 66 | 67 | 68 | 69 This article includes an overview of the major events and trends in popular music in the 1960s. In South America, Europe and Oceania, the decade was particularly revolutionary in terms of popular music, as it saw the formation and evolution of rock. At the beginning of the 1960s, pop and rock and roll trends of the 1950s continued; nevertheless, the rock and roll of the decade before started to merge into a more international, eclectic variant known as rock. By the mid-1960s, rock and roll in its purest form was gradually overtaken by pop rocked, beat, psychedelican rock, blues rock and folk rock, which had grown in popularity. The country and folk-influenced style associated with the latter-half of 1960s rock music spawned a generation of popular singer-songwriters
Cadillac ATS The Cadillac ATS is a four-door, five-passenger compact luxury sedan designed, engineered, manufactured and marketed by General Motors. General Motors developed the ATS at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, United States. GM assembles the ATS at the Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, United States. The ATS is Cadillac's smallest vehicle, slotting into the Cadillac vehicle line under the larger Cadillac CTS. The ATS is based upon General Motors' Alpha platform and is offered in either rear- or all-wheel drive configurations. The ATS base engine is a naturally aspirated 2.5-liter I-4 gasoline engine that produces . Optional engines include a 2.0-liter turbocharged I-4 gasoline engine that produces and a naturally aspirated 3.6-liter V6 gasoline engine that produces . A diesel engine will be available in the future. All versions are equipped with a 6-speed GM 6L45 Hydra-Matic automatic transmission as standard. The 2.0-liter turbocharged, rear-wheel drive version can be mated to an
University of applied sciences University of applied sciences is a common English-language name for the institutions of higher education in several European countries which are designed with a focus on vocational degrees, especially in engineering, business, and health professions. Similarly to the universities, they provide both undergraduate and postgraduate education as well as grant academic degrees, but do not award doctoral degrees.  
Platanias F.C. Athlitikos Omilos Platania Chanion (commonly referred to as Platanias F.C. or simply Platanias) is a Greek football club based in Platanias, Chania. The association was founded in 1931. The club currently competes in the Superleague for the first time in their history, after winning the promotion play-offs of 2011–12 Football League. History. The 1942-43 AO Platanias struggled in the final Cup with the traditional association Talos but having significant absences as patients and goalkeeper Kouroupi ladaki and Galanis, who brought gun wound in the abdomen. Although Platanias lost the match, the final had a special importance because of the costumes of players. The jerseys were made from flags that had been stolen from the warehouses of the Germans, and residents had turned into the athletic apparel seamstresses in the village! From this fact, probably introduced in the red jerseys of the team. With the same attire struggled even against groups of German soldiers, who indeed seemed sporting
Small Talk at 125th and Lenox A New Black Poet - Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, also known simply as Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, is the debut album of recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released in 1970 on Flying Dutchman Records. Recording sessions for the album took place live at a New York nightclub located on the corner of 125th Street and Lenox Avenue although in liner notes included with The Revolution Begins-The Flying Dutchman Masters (2012) Gil Scott-Heron himself insists that a small audience was brought to 'the studio' and seated on 'folding chairs'. By the time of the recordings, Scott-Heron had published a volume of poetry and his first novel, The Vulture. Well received by music critics who found Scott-Heron's material imaginative, Small Talk at 125th and Lenox has been described as a volcanic upheaval of intellectualism and social critique by Allmusic editor John Bush.  
Suseenthiran Suseenthiran is an Indian film director and screenwriter. He rose to fame with the film Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, which marks his directorial debut. Career. Suseenthiran, who originally hails from a small village in Pazhani, was always crazy about films like his father and his uncle, who had made a film years ago, that never got released. Though his family did not want him to become a director and waste his life on films, he was sure that he would be a filmmaker one day. To achieve his dream, he came to Chennai, when he was 18 years old and needed 12 years to make his first film. Susindran had worked as assistant director to prominent filmmakers as S. D. Sabha and Ezhil, before turning an independent director. His maiden venture, titled Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, was released in 2009, receiving rave accolades. According to Susindran, the film is based on real life incidents as his father was a kabadi
Cherry Healey Cherry Healey (born Cherry Kathleen Chadwyck-Healey, 5 December 1980) is a British television presenter, frequently featuring in self-titled lifestyle documentaries on the BBC, especially BBC Three. Biography. Healey is descended from the Chadwyck-Healey baronets; her father Nicholas is a son of the 4th Baronet. She has three brothers. She attended Cheltenham Ladies' College until 2000. She has a Degree in Drama Education / Drama for Social Change from Central School of Speech and Drama. Best known for her work with light-hearted documentaries on BBC Three, including studies on drinking, childbirth, body issues, dating, and money, she frequently relates documentaries to her own life both during the programmes and on her blog on the BBC website. She presented Britain's Favourite Supermarket Foods on BBC One on 15 February 2012. Cherry has also written for several publications including Grazia, You Me Baby magazine, and Cellardoor online. Personal life. Healey has a daughter Coco (born 4 September 2009), and married
LA X LA X comprises the 104th and 105th episodes of the American Broadcasting Company's Lost, marking the premiere of the sixth and final season. It was written by show runners/executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by executive producer Jack Bender. Both parts were aired on February 2, 2010 on ABC in the United States and CTV in Canada, and on February 4, 2010 on RTÉ Two in Ireland. The story deals with the aftermath of the detonation of the hydrogen bomb at the end of the previous episode, The Incident. LA X introduces a new narrative device, two separate timelines, that replaces previously used devices, such as flashbacks, flash-forwards and time travel. Cuse and Lindelof have stated that the two distinct timelines are equally real. Both ABC and the producers refer to these scenes as flash sideways. The date of first broadcast was the source of much speculation, as ABC intentionally avoided locking down a
Digital architecture Digital architecture uses computer modeling, programming, simulation and imaging to create both virtual forms and physical structures. The terminology has also been used to refer to other aspects of architecture that feature digital technologies. The emergent field is not clearly delineated to this point, and the terminology is also used to apply to digital skins that can be streamed images and have their appearance altered. A headquarters building design for Boston television and radio station WGBH by Polshek Partnership has been discussed as an example of digital architecture and includes a digital skin. Architecture created digitally might not involve the use of actual materials (brick, stone, glass, steel, wood). It relies on sets of numbers stored in electromagnetic format used to create representations and simulations that correspond to material performance and to map out built artifacts. Digital architecture does not just represent ideated space; it also creates places for human interaction that do not resemble physical architectural
Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 is a 2008 documentary film by Kevin Rafferty, covering the 1968 meeting between the football teams of Yale and Harvard in their storied rivalry. The game has been called the most famous football game in Ivy League history. Story. For the first time since 1909, the football teams of Harvard and Yale were each undefeated with 6-0 records in their conference (8-0 overall) when they met for their season's final game on November 23, 1968 at Harvard Stadium. Led by their quarterback captain Brian Dowling, Yale was heavily favored to win and they quickly led the game 22–0. With two minutes remaining on the clock they still led 29–13. As the last seconds ticked down, Harvard, coached by John Yovicsin, tied the game, scoring 16 points in the final 42 seconds. The Harvard Crimson declared victory with a famous headline, Harvard Beats Yale 29-29, providing the title for Rafferty’s documentary. Production.
Drug policy of Portugal The drug policy of Portugal was put in place in 2000, and was legally effective from July 2001. The new law maintained the status of illegality for using or possessing any drug for personal use without authorization. However, the offense was changed from a criminal one, with prison a possible punishment, to an administrative one if the amount possessed was no more than ten days' supply of that substance. In 1999, Portugal had the highest rate of HIV amongst injecting drug users in the European Union. The number of newly diagnosed HIV cases among drug users has decreased to 13.4 cases per million in 2009 but that is still high above the European average, at 2.85 cases per million. There were 2000 new cases a year, in a country of 10 million people. 45% of HI reported AIDS cases recorded in 1997 originated among IV drug users, so targeting drug use was seen as an
Nokia N900 The Nokia N900 was a smartphone made by Nokia. It supersedes the Nokia N810. Its default operating system, Maemo 5, is a Linux-based OS originally developed for the Nokia 770 Internet Tablet. It is the first Nokia device based upon the Texas Instruments OMAP3 microprocessor with the ARM Cortex-A8 core. Unlike the three Nokia Internet tablets preceding it, the Nokia N900 is the first Maemo device to include phone functionality (quad-band GSM and 3G UMTS/HSDPA). The N900 functions as a mobile Internet device, and includes e-mail, web browsing and access to online services, a 5-megapixel digital camera for still or video photography, a portable media player for music and video, calculator, games console and word processor, SMS, as well as mobile telephony using either a mobile network or VoIP via Internet (mobile or Wi-Fi). Maemo provides an X-terminal interface for interacting with the core operating system. It was launched at Nokia World on 2 September 2009 and
L.A. Zombie L.A. Zombie is a 2010 queer cinema zombie film written and directed by Bruce LaBruce. It premiered in competition at Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland in 2010. The film exists in two versions, an hour-long one that was showcased at various festivals and theatres, and a one-hundred and three minute hardcore cut released on DVD. Plot. An extraterrestrial zombie (who may just be a schizophrenic vagrant, and whose appearance constantly shifts between that of a corpse, a tusked beast with irregular genitals, and a normal man) emerges from the sea, and begins making its way to Los Angeles. A motorist notices the zombie walking along a deserted road, picks it up, and dies in an accident moments later. The zombie recovers from the crash, and reanimates the driver by penetrating a wound in the man's chest with its monstrous penis. The ghouls have sex, which ends with the first zombie ejaculating black semen, and stumbling away
Naga Chaitanya Naga Chaitanya is an Indian film actor who stars in Telugu films. He made his debut in the 2009 college film, Josh. His second film was, Gautham Menon's Ye Maaya Chesave with his portrayal of a love-torn film director winning him critical acclaim. Early life and family. Naga Chaitanya was born on 23 November 1986 to actor Akkineni Nagarjuna and Lakshmi Daggubati, of the Naidu Family. Naga Chaitanya was born in Hyderabad, but moved to Chennai with his mother after his parents split. He received schooling at the PSBB School in Chennai, during which period he often visited his father in Hyderabad. He played the guitar and drums occasionally for the PSBB school band. He was then sent to an acting school in Mumbai, and subsequently to Hollywood Studios in California (USA) to learn dance and fights before he made his debut. He is also a huge automotive enthusiast and occasionally participates in organised motorsports even to
Seungri Lee Seung-hyun (Hangul: 이승현; born December 12, 1990), known by his stage name Seungri or V. I. (Hangul: 승리; lit. victory), is a South Korean singer, songwriter, dancer, actor, and model, who is best known as a member of South Korean boy group Big Bang. Seungri released his first album VVIP in 2011. Along with his native Korean, he speaks fluent Japanese and conversational English. Biography. Pre Debut. Before joining the group, in his hometown, Gwangju, he was the leader and part of the dance group II Hwa. Seungri is known for his dance skills. He first appeared on television on the reality television series Let's Cokeplay: Mnet Battle Shinhwa, a show in which Shinhwa attempted to create a boy band that could be a second Shinhwa. Although he was noticed for his dance skills, his lack of vocal skills led to him being eliminated. If he wasn't eliminated he would have debuted in Battle a group of
Project Greek Island Project Greek Island was a United States government continuity program located at The Greenbrier hotel in West Virginia. The facility was decommissioned in 1992 after the program was exposed in a U.S. newspaper article. Purpose. In the late 1950s, the United States government approached The Greenbrier Hotel and sought its assistance in creating a secret emergency relocation center to house Congress in the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust. The classified, underground facility was built at the same time as the West Virginia Wing, an above-ground addition to the hotel, from 1959 to 1962. For 30 years, The Greenbrier owners maintained an agreement with the federal government that, in the event of an international crisis, the entire resort property would be conveyed to government use, specifically as the emergency location for the legislative branch. The underground facility contained a dormitory, kitchen, hospital, and a broadcast center for members of Congress. The broadcast center had changeable seasonal backdrops
TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship The TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling women's tag team championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion. It was contested for mainly by teams consisting of two female wrestlers in TNA, known as knockouts, in TNA's women's division; however, the championship was once held by a male. The creation of the championship was announced on August 20, 2009 during a backstage segment on TNA's primary television program TNA Impact!. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won via the result of a scripted match. Sarita and Taylor Wilde were the inaugural champions. They won a four-week tournament to crown the first champions. The final champions were ODB and Eric Young, who held the titles for a record 478 days. On the June 20, 2013 episode of Impact Wrestling, Knockouts Division Executive Brooke Hogan stripped ODB and Young of the title due to the fact that Young is
Robot B-9 The B-9, Class M-3 General Utility Non-Theorizing Environmental Control Robot was a character in the television series Lost in Space. Known and addressed simply as Robot, his full designation was only occasionally mentioned on the show. History. Although a machine endowed with superhuman strength and futuristic weaponry, he often displayed human characteristics, such as laughter, sadness, and mockery, as well as singing and playing the guitar. The Robot was performed by Bob May in a prop costume built by Bob Stewart. The voice was primarily dubbed by Dick Tufeld, who was also the series' narrator and Jorge Arvizu for the spanish dubbing. The Robot was designed by Robert Kinoshita, who also designed Forbidden Planet's Robby the Robot. Robby appears in Lost in Space episode #20 War of the Robots and in episode #60 Condemned of Space. The Robot did not appear in the unaired pilot episode, but was added to the series once it had been greenlit.
Public housing estates in Tseung Kwan O Public housing estates in Tseung Kwan O – including Home Ownership Scheme (HOS), Private Sector Participation Scheme (PSPS), Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) History. With the exception of Tsui Lam Estate, King Ming Court and Hong Sing Garden, all the public housing and HOS estates in Tseung Kwan O are built on the reclaimed land of Junk Bay. In 1990s, cracks were found at various places around On Ning Garden, Fu Ning Garden, Tong Ming Court, Beverly Garden and Bauhinia Garden. The estates were also found unusual soil settlement on their reclaimed land when the MTR Tseung Kwan O Line was being constructed. After investigation, the government explained that the settlement occurred due to consolidation of soil layers overlying the bedrock when groundwater was lost to the sewage collection tunnels and not adequately replenished from the surface. But the government emphasized that the buildings built on the reclaimed land were still safe. Overview.
Jed Whedon Jed Tucker Whedon (born July 18, 1974) is a screenwriter and musician. Jed is from a family of writers: he is the son of screenwriter Tom Whedon, grandson of screenwriter John Whedon, and the brother of screenwriter Zack Whedon and producer/director/writer Joss Whedon. On April 19, 2009, he married fellow screenwriter Maurissa Tancharoen. Alongside his brothers Joss and Zack and his then fiancée Maurissa Tancharoen, he co-created and co-wrote the musical Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog. It was the subject of a salute by The Paley Center for Media and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-Action Entertainment Programs. Prior to Dr. Horrible, Jed composed scores for video games, and was a member of the now defunct Los Angeles-based band The Southland. In 2010, he released an album entitled History of Forgotten Things under the band name Jed Whedon and the Willing. Assisting him on the album were his wife, Maurissa Tancharoen and their
Andrew Leeds Andrew Leeds is a former Australian rugby union and professional rugby league player. He has played for the Western Suburbs Magpies, Parramatta Eels and Penrith Panthers, primarily as a goal-kicking fullback, and has represented at national level for the Wallabies. Playing career. Leeds played junior rugby union with the Northmead club,Merrylands JRU and James Ruse Agricultural High School. Joining the Parramatta Two Blues, Leeds played in the 1985 and 1986 premiership winning sides, and went on to play for Sydney, New South Wales and Australia in 1986. Leeds made three tours with the Wallabies, appearing in fourteen tests, and played in the 1987 Rugby World Cup. Converting to rugby league, Leeds joined the Parramatta Eels for the 1989 season. He spent 3 years with the Eels, but failed to perform when played at Centre or Five-eighth. After a year spent with the Penrith Panthers, Leeds joined Wests from 1993 onwards. Leeds was a player with deceptive pace
Cheran Pandiyan Cheran Pandiyan (; is an Indian film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film proved to be successful at the box office. Plot. Vijayakumar is the head of the village (Oor Gounder) with his wife Manjula and his daughter Srija. He is a person of who strictly adheres to the caste. Sarathkumar is also in the same village. The father of both Vijayakumar and Sarathkumar are one but Sarathkumar's mother is from a lower caste. So Vijayakumar always ignores Sarathkumar. Anandbabu who is relative of Sarathkumar comes to meet him in the village and falls in love with Srija. Vijayakumar comes to know about this and he makes arrangements for Srija's marriage with K.S.Ravikumar, son of Nagesh. At the end Vijayakumar becomes a good person with the advice of Manjula and a happy end of Anandbabu marrying Srija. This movie was remade in Telugu in 1992 with Sobhan Babu, Dr Rajashekhar, Jagapathi Babu, and Ramya
Public housing estates in Kwai Chung This is a list of public housing estates (including Home Ownership Scheme (HOS), Private Sector Participation Scheme (PSPS), Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) and Sandwich Class Housing Scheme (SCHS)) in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong Overview. Cho Yiu Chuen. Cho Yiu Chuen () consists of 8 residential buildings with a total of 2,532 units, which were built in 1977, 1978 and 1981. It also provides elderly persons flats at Chung Ling Sheh (). It was named for Sir Cho Yiu Kwan (), one of the founders of Hong Kong Housing Society. It received a Certificate of Merit at the 1981 Hong Kong Institute of Architects Annual Awards. Kai King Lau is the tallest building in Cho Yiu Chuen with 38 storeys. It was also the tallest public housing building in the world at that time. Hibiscus Park. Hibiscus Park () is a SCHS estate in Kwai Chung, near Kwai Chung Sports Ground, Kwai Fong. Formerly
The S.I.G.I.T. The S.I.G.I.T. (abbreviation of The Super Insurgent Group of Intemperance Talent) is an Indonesian rock band based in Bandung, Indonesia. Although the band doesn't like to be categorized, they've been described as a garage rock band and often compared to Wolfmother and The Datsuns, even dubbed as 'Indonesian Answer To Wolfmother' by some Australian media. Origin of The Name. Band name origin is rumored to be derived from Rekti's father, Sigit. Brief history. 1994-2002. Period of formation. In this period, they met each other, played and hung out together, fought each other, rehearsed a lot, and wrote their song. 2002-2004. In 2004, The S.I.G.I.T. signed to Spills Records and released their self titled debut mini album (EP) and performed many bar gigs and venue. Their first single, Soul Sister soon became a local radio hits in Bandung and Jakarta, MTV Trax Magazine described them as The Hottest Rock N Roll Band. After contributing on movie soundtrack for
The Orb discography The discography of English electronic music group The Orb consists of twelve studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums, four remix albums, four mix albums, two video albums, ten extended plays, fifteen singles and twenty-two music videos. Founded by Alex Paterson and Jimmy Cauty in 1988, the group's first release was the extended play Kiss EP, issued in May 1989. The single A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld, which marked the group's first foray into the ambient house genre, was released in October 1989 on Paterson's record label WAU! Mr. Modo Recordings. It was later re-issued by Big Life and peaked at number 78 in the United Kingdom despite sample clearance issues. Following Cauty's departure from the group, The Orb signed a long-term recording contract with Big Life and released their debut studio album The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld in April 1991. It peaked at number
Madariyya The Madariyya are members of a Sufi order (tariqa) popular in North India, especially in Uttar Pradesh, the Mewat region, Bihar and Bengal, as well as in Nepal and Bangladesh. Known for its syncretic aspects, lack of emphasis on external religious practice and focus on internal dhikr, it was initiated by the Sufi saint 'Sayed Badiuddin Zinda Shah Madar' (d. 1434 CE), called Qutb-ul-Madar, and is centered around his shrine (dargah) at Makanpur, Kanpur district, Uttar Pradesh. Originating from the Tayfuriya order, as his Pir, spiritual teacher was Bayazid Tayfur al-Bistami, Madariya reached its zenith in the late Mughal period between 15th to 17th century, and gave rise to several new orders as Madar's disciples spread through the Northern plains of India, into Bengal. As with most Sufi orders, its name Madariya too has been created by adding a Nisba to the name its founder, Madar in this case lead to Madariya, sometimes spelled as Madariyya, though it
By a Thread By a Thread is the ninth full length studio album by Gov't Mule. It has been released on October 27, 2009, on Evil Teen Records. It is the first album to feature bassist Jorgen Carlsson, who joined the band in 2008, replacing Andy Hess. On August 17, 2009, the first track of the album, Broke Down on the Brazos, was made available for listening on Gov't Mule's official website, as well as on the band's Myspace and Facebook pages. The track features the playing of Billy Gibbons, best known as the singer and guitarist for the American blues rock band ZZ Top. It was the last song written for the CD.  
Lactarius indigo Lactarius indigo, commonly known as the indigo milk cap, the indigo (or blue) Lactarius, or the blue milk mushroom, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Russulaceae. A widely distributed species, it grows naturally in eastern North America, East Asia, and Central America; it has also been reported in southern France. L. indigo grows on the ground in both deciduous and coniferous forests, where it forms mycorrhizal associations with a broad range of trees. The fruit body color ranges from dark blue in fresh specimens to pale blue-gray in older ones. The milk, or latex, that oozes when the mushroom tissue is cut or broken—a feature common to all members of the Lactarius genus—is also indigo blue, but slowly turns green upon exposure to air. The cap has a diameter of , and the stem is tall and thick. It is an edible mushroom, and is sold in rural markets in China, Guatemala, and Mexico.
Public housing estates in Tuen Mun This is a list of public housing estates in Tuen Mun, Hong Kong Overview. Affluence Garden. Affluence Garden () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme court in Tuen Mun, besides Tuen Mun River. It has totally 5 blocks built in 1989. Butterfly Estate. Butterfly Estate () is the seventh public housing estate in Tuen Mun completed in 1983. Built in the reclaimed land of Castle Peak Bay, the estate consists of 6 residential blocks. Chi Lok Fa Yuen. Chi Lok Fa Yuen () is a Home Ownership Scheme and Private Sector Participation Scheme estate in Tsing Hoi Circuit, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong. Built on the reclaimed land of Castle Peak Bay, It comprises 8 residential blocks and a shopping centre completed in 1982. It was jointly developed by Hong Kong Housing Authority and Sun Hung Kai Properties. Fu Tai Estate. Fu Tai Estate () is the latest
Foreign exchange autotrading Forex autotrading is a trading strategy where buy and sell orders are placed automatically based on an underlying system or program on the foreign exchange market. The buy or sell orders are sent out to be executed in the market when a certain set of criteria is met. Autotrading systems, or programs to form buy and sell forex signals, are used typically by active traders who enter and exit positions more frequently than the average investor. The autotrading criteria differ greatly, however they are mostly based on technical analysis. History. Forex autotrading originates at the emergence of online retail trading, since about 1999 when internet-based companies created retail forex platforms that provide a quick way for individuals to buy and sell on the forex spot market. Nevertheless, larger retail traders could autotrade Forex contracts at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange as early as in the 1970s. Types. There are two major types of forex autotrading: Advantages. An
Mukesh Tiwari Mukesh Tiwari is an Indian actor who has appeared in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu language films as a character role. He belongs to Sagar, Madhya Pradesh. His first appearance was as bandit Jagira in China Gate in 1998. Since then he has acted in several Ajay Devgan films: police officer in Gangaajal, jailor in The Legend of Bhagat Singh, Apaharan (as the SP of Salampur), Golmaal, Golmaal Returns, Golmaal 3 (as Vasooli), in  (as Chautala), LOC Kargil, Zameen and Halla Bol. He acted the role of South Indian star Kamal Haasan in the movie Jigyaasa and One Two Three. He appeared in early episodes of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah as a police inspector. He has most recently appeared in the successful Tamil films Pokkiri and Kanthaswamy in villanous roles. He has appeared in over 50 films. Most recently, he was seen as one of Marcos' henchmen in No Problem. While this film did not fare
Obesity in the Pacific Obesity in the Pacific is a growing health concern with health officials stating that it is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths in the Pacific Rim. According to Forbes, Pacific island nations and associated states make up the top seven on a 2007 list of fattest countries, and eight of the top ten. In all these cases, more than 70% of citizens age 15 and over have an unhealthy weight. Reasons for this issue include mining operations that have left not much arable land; as a result, much of the local diet is of processed, imported food such as Spam or corned beef, rather than fresh fish, fruit and vegetables. In addition, cultural factors have been blamed, such as associating a large body size with wealth and power, or changing ways of living, with children leading more sedentary lives. The problem is leading to increased levels of illness, including diabetes and heart diseases.
Anjou wine Anjou wine is produced in the Loire Valley wine region of France near the city of Angers. The wines of region are often grouped together with the wines of nearby Saumur as Anjou-Saumur. Along with the wines produce further east in Touraine, Anjou-Saumur make what is collectively known as the Middle Loire (as opposed to the Upper Loire which includes the wine regions of Sancerre and Pouilly-Fumé. Within the Anjou wine region are several Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC)s responsible for a broad spectrum of wines including still red, white and rosé produced with varying levels of sweetness. Extending across the Deux-Sèvres, Maine-et-Loire and Vienne départements, the generic Anjou AOC appellation and its various sub-appellations encompasses vineyards across more than 151 communes. Wine expert Tom Stevenson describes the wines of the area as being a microcosm of the Loire Valley, featuring wines made from every grape variety and in almost every style produced in the entire Loire wine
Anupam Mittal Anupam Mittal is the founder and CEO of People Group which owns businesses such as Shaadi.com, the world's most successful matrimonial site, Makaan.com, Mauj Mobile and People Pictures. It is estimated that the shaadi.com matrimonial website has resulted in about 2 million marriages around the world. The matrimonial e-business is estimated to be about 1.5 billion Indian rupees. Shaadi.com was launched in 1997. Business career. Anupam Mittal founded Shaadi.comafter he met a marriage broker in India who went door to door carrying biodata in his suitcase. Mittal figured an online medium would increase a person's chances of finding the right person. The Web site's profiles diverge little from what has been traditionally done for decades. Among personal and hobbies sections are the traditional questions about family values and parents' education, Hindu horoscope signs, married siblings and mother tongue. He received a MBA in Operations and Strategic Management from Boston College. He is the Founder & CEO of
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist Michael Anthony Edward Kidd-Gilchrist (born September 26, 1993) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association (NBA). High school career. Kidd-Gilchrist grew up in Somerdale, New Jersey, and was raised by his mother, Cindy Richardson, and his stepfather, Vincent Richardson, after Kidd-Gilchrist's father died before Michael's third birthday. While attending basketball powerhouse St. Patrick High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey, he was considered one of the best basketball players in the United States. He was ranked as the #3 player by ESPN.com, and Rivals.com; while Scout.com ranked him as the #1 player at his position. In July 2010, Gilchrist, along with former Kentucky teammate Marquis Teague, were a part of the gold medal winning team in the FIBA U-17 World Championships in Hamburg, Germany. Gilchrist's senior year at St. Patrick High School was a pivotal storyline in the HBO documentary Prayer for a Perfect Season. College career.
Sulli Choi Jinri (Hangul: 최진리; Hanja: 崔真理; born March 29, 1994), better known by her stage name Sulli or sometimes known as Sulli Choi or Choi Sulli is an actress and a member of the artist group f(x). Early life. Sulli was born on 29 March 1994 in the City of Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province, Republic of Korea, but spent her childhood in Busan. Her real name is Choi Jin Ri; her given name means the truth in Korean. She is the only daughter of her family, having two older brothers and a younger brother. Her mother enrolled her in acting school at a young age. Sulli first came to Seoul in 2004 while in the fourth grade, and in 2005 and began acting professionally as Princess Sunhwa in the SBS drama The Ballad of Seodong and, some time later, had a cameo role in yet another SBS drama, Love Needs a Miracle. She later developed a desire to
Messiah Foundation International Messiah Foundation () International (or MFI) is a spiritual organisation formally established in 2000 to promote the Goharian Philosophy of Divine Love. MFI is the successor of RAGS International, a spiritual organisation founded by Pakistani spiritual leader Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi in 1980. The organisation claims to be a syncretic fulfilment of Christian, Muslim, Jewish and Hindu prophecy, with Shahi depicted as the messianic figure of many religions, given the title of Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar as well as the generic Awaited One prophesied by other religions. Adherents propose to promote the reduction of hatred, promotion of divine love and world peace, and raise awareness of miraculous images of spiritual figures they claim are on the face of such objects as the moon, sun, and the Black Stone in Mecca. According to MFI, these images were put on these locations by God. The MFI purports that Gohar Shahi's image on the moon has spoken to
Camp Lejeune water contamination The Camp Lejeune water contamination problem occurred at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune from 1953 to 1987. During that time, United States Marine Corps (USMC) service members and their families living at the base apparently bathed in and ingested tap water that was contaminated with harmful chemicals. An undetermined number of former base residents later developed cancer or other ailments, which many blame on the contaminated drinking water. Victims claim that USMC leaders concealed knowledge of the problem and did not act properly in trying to resolve it or notify former base residents that their health might be at risk. In 2009 the U.S. federal government initiated investigations into the allegations of contaminated water and failures by U.S. Marine officials to act on the issue. In August 2012, President Obama signed the Janey Ensminger Act into law to begin providing medical care for people who may have been affected by the contamination. Contamination. Early reports.
Fábio Maldonado Fábiano Rogério Maldonado (born March 17, 1980) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and a former undefeated boxer. Maldonado trains at the gym of Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira and Antônio Rogério Nogueira in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Maldonado holds two notable knockout victories over Maiquel Falcão. Maldonado is well known for having an iron chin, often opening himself to clean strikes on the jaw and having never been knocked out in his boxing or mixed martial arts career with his only TKO loss coming by way of doctor stoppage. Boxing career. Simultaneous to becoming a mixed martial arts fighter, Maldonado also competed professionally as a boxer in his native Brazil. He made his professional boxing debut in April 2002. As a boxer he has a record of 22-0 with an impressive 21 knockouts. He last boxed professionally in June 2010. Mixed martial arts career. Early career. Maldonado made his professional MMA debut in September 2000. During the first
Dídac Vilà Dídac Vilà Rosselló (born 9 June 1989), known as Dídac, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis on loan from A.C. Milan, as a left defender. Club career. Espanyol. Born in Mataró, Barcelona, Catalonia, Dídac joined local RCD Espanyol's youth system at the age of 10, making his senior debuts in 2008–09 and helping the reserves promote from the fourth division, as champions. He was promoted to the first team by manager Mauricio Pochettino, making his La Liga debut on 30 January 2010 in a 1–0 home win against Athletic Bilbao and finishing his first professional season with 11 league games (starting and playing all the minutes in every match), as the Pericos finished in mid-table. Milan. After missing the first months of the 2010–11 campaign due to physical problems, Dídac once again gained first-choice status at Espanyol, taking over longtime incumbent – and also a youth graduate at the club – David García.
Christmas in the Heart Christmas in the Heart is the thirty-fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released in October 2009 by Columbia Records. The album comprises a collection of hymns, carols, and popular Christmas songs. All Dylan's royalties from the sale of this album shall benefit the charities Feeding America in the USA, Crisis in the UK, and the World Food Programme. Dylan said that, although Jewish, he never felt left out of Christmas during his childhood in Minnesota. Regarding the popularity of Christmas music, he said, ... it's so worldwide and everybody can relate to it in their own way. The album opened at #1 on Billboard's Holiday and Billboard's Folk Album Chart, #10 on Rock Album charts and #23 on overall album charts. Recording. In an interview published by Street News Service, journalist Bill Flanagan asked Dylan why he had performed the songs in a straightforward style, and Dylan responded: There
Víctor Ruiz Torre Víctor Ruiz Torre (; born 25 January 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Valencia CF as a central defender. Club career. Born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Barcelona, Catalonia, Ruiz arrived in RCD Espanyol's youth system in 2006 at the age of 17, from neighbouring UE Cornellà. In 2008–09 he made his senior debuts, helping the reserve side win its Tercera División group and subsequently promote in the playoffs. On 6 December 2009 Ruiz made his debut with Espanyol's first team, starting and being booked in a 0–4 home loss against Racing de Santander. Coach Mauricio Pochettino, however, fielded him in a further 21 La Liga games that season, with the team finally ranking in 11th position; he added two goals, against Málaga CF (1–2 away defeat) and Atlético Madrid (3–0, home). In 2010–11, Ruiz played all the minutes for Espanyol in the first 15 rounds. On 31 January 2011 he was sold to
Maggie Stiefvater Maggie Stiefvater (born November 18, 1981) is a bestselling American author of young-adult/urban fantasy novels. She currently lives in Virginia. Early life. After being home-schooled from sixth grade on, Maggie Stiefvater attended Mary Washington College, graduating with a B.A. in history. After graduating, she worked as a portrait artist, specializing in equestrian art, which is collected internationally. She is married with two children. Writing career. Stiefvater published her first novel, Lament in 2008, after several years and many dozens of rejections. Before Lament had been released, she sold the rights to Ballad, the sequel to Lament, and to Shiver. Shiver was embraced by independent booksellers and overseas publishers, ultimately selling to more than 38 foreign territories. The Shiver Trilogy spent more than 40 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List. In 2010, Linger debuted at the number one spot on the New York Times Bestseller List. In 2010, Stiefvater was asked to speak at a TEDxNASA
Working class in the United States In the United States, the concept of a working class remains vaguely defined and is especially contentious. Since many members of the working class, as defined by academic models, are often identified in the vernacular as being middle class, there is considerable ambiguity over the term's meaning. Sociologists such as Dennis Gilbert and Joseph Kahl see the working class as the most populous in the United States, while other sociologists such as William Thompson, Joseph Hickey and James Henslin deem the lower middle class slightly more populous. In the class models devised by these sociologists, the working class comprises between 30% and 35% of the population, roughly the same percentages as the lower middle class. According to the class model by Dennis Gilbert, the working class comprises those between the 25th and 55th percentile of society. Those in the working class are commonly employed in clerical, retail sales and low-skill manual labor occupations.
Alleged plot to kidnap Pope Pius XII Several authors have alleged a plot to kidnap Pope Pius XII by the Nazis when they occupied Rome during World War II. SS General Karl Wolff stated that he had been ordered on September 13, 1943 to kidnap the Pope. Both British historian Owen Chadwick and Jesuit ADSS editor Robert A. Graham dismissed the existence of a plot as British wartime propaganda. Dan Kurzman, a former correspondent for the Washington Post, published a book in 2007 maintaining that the plot was serious. Sources alleging a plot. Karl Wolff. SS General Karl Wolff claimed while testifying at the Nuremberg Trials that he had disobeyed an order from Hitler to kidnap the Pope and instead sneaked into the Vatican to warn the Pontiff. Most other allegations of a plot to kidnap Pius XII are based on a claimed 1972 document written by Wolff that Avvenire d'Italia published in 1991 and on personal interviews with
